You know what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and never nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and films.
And you know that one epiphany is usually something that you fell in some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as a file.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boldward.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Stone, Ohio where I was the weird of the class.
When they were beaten up every week in the bathroom of kids, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when I let the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
for three years.
And I had to get out of the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I received a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Poster who said, "I need to see you.
I'm desperate that we have never met them.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laughed at us, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we tried it, and we care about it, and we got out of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as adults came to me, he became a dinner box and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself.
The file is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that I was talking a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express humans are not separated from nature, and it's all interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first toxic.
I was amazed.
My heart raised fast, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tourists around my way around the water were almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a store of snow on another set of snow year after year.
The tours are born when they fall out of the glaciers or break out the ice barriers.
Each computer has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refuse to fall up and go back to the end, while others can't get it more and they distribute into a dramatic passion room.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg that are isolated and alone, in great measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a toxic training, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As an iceberg is melt down water fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these tours as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and not going to exist in that way again.
It's not death when they're destroyed, it's not an end, but a continuation of their way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the toxic images that photograph is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you is a iceberg that photographed in Keplers, Greenland.
It's just a little bit often to be able to get an editorial toxic.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your flower line.
You can see here, it starts rolling up, the ship has moved down to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a Green toxic Greek, average size.
It's about the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so tomorrow, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one by getting a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X-ray chromosome joins the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of them learn and start life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my activity that I will have two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of the anatomy.
I am a strategy of training, and what I study in this case is the way people tackle the anatomy -- you know, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluids.
The other role that performance in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate, or, as I say sometimes -- important defense of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with twin twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with standards, a lot more low than the average.
And I've been working with a lot of cases of attractive sex, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in the manufacturing male and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it intersectionality.
So intersection adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't fit into male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray computer -- which is SBC gene of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the physical life, which becomes texting.
And then, in the federal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual is about testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the insultation syndrome.
So there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed following a typically female course.
When you go born, the baby looks like a girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing the beaches, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and terror, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really like this.
Women, like men, have in the body something called superconductors substance.
They're in the bottom of the body.
Supernova glands produce angels, the hormone of massive.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- don't know his computer structure, I believe being a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to the administrators.
We produce anger and respond to the administrators.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the administrators than the woman who was born with texts that have the insultation syndrome.
So sex is something complicated. It's not that the interfaces are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they were going to go, I had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he had a life as a boy and just discovered that she had ovarian and terror.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as controlled superconductors.
It had 20th chromosomes and in the uterus glass glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their great genius were masually, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component.
I was born with a little bit of a child, nobody suspicious anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal mentality, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interface.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as an education, which is to say, they have voice tissue wrapped in textile tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- they are wheeled, twin seasons, or smallpox -- they sit into normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposed to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catalyst.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born in a same body.
The recent case is last year with the South African Carter Carry Serbiant -- he stood on her own sex in the International Goals of Berning.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Cast Second is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that there isn't such a test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a way between men and women or between men and small and smart and smartphone, and we are us who we take that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that are controlled directly with stable identical categories -- are much more difficult than we think.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens to be much more complicated than the terminology enables it.
As we see, we get in a hidden terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with the chimps.
What are we going to do about the fact that we are going to be able to make a few nuclear] changed?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in a uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we handle are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the feedback of the feet.
There are very busy discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- and when someone is considered death.
Our ancestors never had to see them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if they were still not buried yet.
If I stopped moving they buried it.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this catalyst explosion could be brought to someone like me.
I'm a progressive, and I'm going to define people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it gets me nervous.
And I would notice that these categories are much more unstable.
He had a sense of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am an armed fervent of the Foundation parents.
I know they were racism, I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, which I find every so much by watching that music consumed "1787, and not by the music, which is totally happening.
That's why happened in 1779 with the Foundation parents.
The founding parents were to me, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explain to them why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and they replaced it with another one who was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as all remember, what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of monumentality.
The woods of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they had clear of the notion of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power came to political power by the transplant blood of the grandfather to the father and then to the son, etc.
The founders were rejected that idea and replaced by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They launched the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common in common and not the atomic differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of an illusion system that were being spent by two things.
The democracy was showing and at the same time was born science.
And it's very clear if we look at the story of the founding parents, which many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were distributed from supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a vague right idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in a matter we were tracking the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women were transparent.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from September Tripont, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the rows of Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, color people who were applying to the anatomical coincidence about the analytical difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Discipline movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidences, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should be retrievery to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five year-old kids had to allow them to have sex or married.
There are some anatomical divisions that for me makes sense and that I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings that are considered at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of these concepts in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time, June 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms, was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that Mary was born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We find other races in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- while I haven't told you if it's X-A-General -- in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory disease that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary -- for its part, he doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all of the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So there are still an anatomical category that many aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science moved so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy might distributed?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is exchanged.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to break the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
So for example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have a chromosome and that to marry a woman you've got to have chromosome and the woman.
Now, in practice they don't make the computer tests to people.
But this is also very strange because the story that I told you at the beginning of the insecting syndrome.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have Dr. offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character," going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks really good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I also want to point out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people rights to people, because I have to admit that I know that I know some of them will be able to probably deserve the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some workers that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and materials about their sexual relationships than people in 40 I know.
So how do you put the subject of character content.
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of one person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this current.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to get to a sex change, in which case it is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago who had made light twin silk and then separate them and get their fame up.
But when the phone was asked to ask the operation of operation -- it was a very risky operation, he said that in that other country, these kids would be very basically based and so I had to do it.
And I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum. Instead of surgical separation.
America provides huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical. And that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in the self-interest, I've also been interested in researching the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transitional studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average -- tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the school, one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist, as now -- he made me a strange plan.
Tell me what female female has female."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've heard.
Formula has to do with reduced gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the female."
But the more I've thought about your question, the more it has seemed to be something female in feminist.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very keen to find a way to protect people by the state, it is possible that if you have injected more mothers to this concept, we might have enriched the concept of protection with the report of recycled.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy -- thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where every family wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents in it.
Well, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they go much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replacing them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartment were already proportional and the other half would still have to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to increase in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distribution distributions of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those excitement.
But you could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough breeding zones to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under state.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and Oliver were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 hotels would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 households went through a heartbreaking constitutional crisis.
In the next regular election, Pete London was provided beautifully with a platform in which promise reforms and at the same time.
He asked October to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a TED talk.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a huge amount of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those norms that say you can't go and bother all the current waste of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies to progress -- and it's usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's try this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Michael, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City, looking at the land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was one pause, October said, "Pack, maybe we could see the TED talk of TEDTalk."
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a low city is a place where you start with desperate terrain -- a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the President of Hong called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country forward.
He asked me to go to TV and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Connecticut, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Connection.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the mushrooms that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applied clearly.
The faces of the public were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be an option of a city that might be in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away.
And it will also include new options for leaders.
Because the Honors government leaders needed help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them to establish and make the rules of the state -- so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively understanding.
And we went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily be about a thousand square kilometers.
And soon after that, 19 percent of January, they voted in Congress to learn their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional entrepreneur was 125 to one.
All the parties -- all the patients in society, they restored.
To include the Constitution of Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17th of February passed again in another voting of 111, 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21st, 21 to February 24, a delegation of about 30 honest contacts was to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea, is bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that will allow the administrators to come, and at the same time it would allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allowing his Supreme Court to be the last instinct for this new judicial system.
There are urban governments and buildings that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know already is that they have a good number of halfways.
There are many companies that wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately to another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job, sometimes they are lonely mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, there are kids who are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about the building of a new city in Hongs?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you."
I'm Jesse and this is my value.
But before you show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suits, colorful and different for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of muscles and second hand markets.
Oh, thank you.
Second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my storm in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique, and buy becomes my personal search search for tests.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
of my street?
Would I like color?
Would you cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Back to the subject of my value, I want to tell you what I chose for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring with somebody who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Interesting clothes for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I thought it would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me like the woman who walks at TED in interior clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the points for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I can believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You almost always see the phenomenon for less than 50 dollars.
The whole set of it, including the jacket, cost to me 55 and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Mundanians. Color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a bright red ink.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Narrator: The integration is supported.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just do yourself.
If you surround the right people, you don't just understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Microscopes. Grass of the child you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the fires, or I remember their little of seven years.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you.
Joes, trust is key.
If you think you look good at something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood its meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, there's no look that you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Venus: A universal truth six words for you: The golden lens go with everything.
And finally, Sad, I'll develop a personal style of telling the world something about you, without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week simply for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little valley.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to engage you emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant waiting for me, if there's a little love in my heart and search for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the attitude of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some of them would opt for one of these extremes but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both of these tools at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most other quantum quantum physicists, we need quite logic to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need fairly intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuitive? Well, we like to play with things.
We put together with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same.
A certain intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always falls down.
But I bet the playing with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson -- and it's that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- as they can go through walls, or that can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called quantum mechanics theory.
At that point you found the physics some years ago, you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle, no one ever saw a particles.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it follow the principles of quantum mechanics, right?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the kind of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a well big approach to the little track of metal.
What we see is a little bit of metal paper, which is a shape of train and that it's supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this kind of a swimming picture that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm on an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people get out of doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually assemble.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of travel of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that pulls it up and the wind that happens on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights off, then we introduced a safety and we extract all the air, and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree of the absolute zero.
Now, by being only on the land, the little piece of metal is free to act like he wants.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way it was vibrating was like a breathing like this -- like a feed that expands and control.
And by giving it a smooth push, we were able to make it violence and not violate at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is going to be violent and not the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make up that piece of metal are sort of and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just a certain instant when those are filled up.
In the rest of time they are developed.
I mean, every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth going into a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you take your consciousness if your body was devoted in space?
There's another part of history.
And it is when we heat it, and we turn the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all of the objects on the elevator are actually quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all of the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Anima.
And 18 months ago, another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to bring it to me.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo here.
There's a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
A great education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
But I better show you the demo for then to explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So just -- let's go to Googlers.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Ubergone gallery -- MoMA, the Simiral, the Richard, the God God.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click up and fat, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay, or Michelangelo, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum.
And we opened up the top plane, and with a single click, we jumped in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They get divided.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Portal Professors of Peter Brother in Metalation.
I see the sign +.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metabolic information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click out there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this image -- for example, contains -- I think, about 10 billion pigs.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 penics?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 pigs.
It can be steeped around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to be delighted.
So I started playing play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and found that the kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit of a little bit, I talked to some people in Metance, and I actually discovered that this is a game called inequality, which is to hit an eye with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday Sea.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get deeper and deeper and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go through the image, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night Star."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pins?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this teacher work?
It increases it and really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this crash, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the start night? I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are lots of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "College."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a song, that gives the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go, -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of the Glass, -- we just made a zoo around.
It's about "The Embasses at the National Gallery of London.
You can do things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces of teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium. I hope it does justice to your art work and that is very much represented online.
And the big question that I'm doing today is, "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum, "I am."
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel -- a flying film.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm from Italian origin -- all the children in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened a very interesting thing in Formula 1 in the last two decades.
And already some time ago, if you wanted to win a Farmer One, I took a budget, and I took it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called a real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a cardiologist.
The interesting thing is that the real control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers to the open.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
Continuing cities is a big thing.
As a store I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these detections and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Antoine for the eyes of MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "Telephone Town."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actors.
And that's changing the whole interaction that as humans have with the outer environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelle Angele.
You know, when Michelle angel studied the Mouse, he says that at the end took the hammer, and he threw it into the Moses -- you can still see a little melting below -- and he said, "Perhapster not paid?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples: insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with deforestation.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of Zimbabwe gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end wins.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see Collin in the middle and the Taiwan River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
So in the early afternoon, there are people here and there doing call, moving around.
It starts the game. silence.
France from France. Gold de Italy.
Training, people do a quick call and it goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of time.
First time, early time.
Zic, and at a moment, the head.
Gandy Islam, yeah!
That night everyone went to celebrate it.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they were all at the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachusett, where, from the time, people are going to celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we couldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but of things we use and consume ourselves.
Today we know all about the production of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the garbage in their way through the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle just recently more than a year ago, to tag what they were running, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that would otherwise be struck.
We then put a little chip, a stage, a standard, and then we started to track it.
These are the results.
I'm going to stop from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we run doesn't disappear -- it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we grab one day still follows there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some change change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asia Birden, could tell you a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is access to the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarbage.
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, on a workshop -- it was, imagine that you have a chaos and valves -- solidarity valves that open and shut down.
It's created as a water current with waters.
If you go through the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can go on, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to the Bell Mayor California.
He liked it.
And he designed a commission to design the building at the entrance of the Exposure.
We call it Dianal Death Pantheon.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach it so you can go on.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the salaries, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days will always be somebody, in the winter when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "You define the building."
No, it's not that they have democratized, but when you go down almost all architecture disappears.
Here it is working.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying not to go through the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zarbar came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it go, but a building that kept making corresponds and water holes, and you had to jump to not get wet.
(Typing of people, and for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers always think about use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels -- the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and you have a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, moving with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with normal conflict in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels ...
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and size, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angles, and see from very different angles.
This is the real Florida, going down to form a V, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw earlier.
Imagine each one of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the New York City star and the Millennium School, to capture their movements in 3D and use it as an entrance for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels on the left in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can reconstruct the whole movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for London Olympics.
It's called La Club.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could involve people to do something and change our environment -- as well as a crime of clouds, like the grain of grain but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donated a little bit for a film.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed us, we can go through the digital world, the self-organizing world, the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do we go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage to do this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are pigs.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered picks.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see it from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection to the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital stranger at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
Suppose you told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
How about good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like it?
What if you could choose something?
(Music from the Audience: creativity. creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Just a few people, probably the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you chose the memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
What about longevity?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a secret theme here at TED conference, but today I want to give you the look at a doctor on the subject.
The big generation of the 20th century, Take Thailand -- the whole thing I had at the Children Orthodox Russia, wrote an essay titled "Nothing in biology makes sense of the light of evolutionary."
But if they effectively accept biological evolution consider this: Is it just about the past, or the future?
Does the others mean to us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at one end, is, of course, the most interesting us.
We sleep from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homosexuality.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically indigenous, which comes out of the pancreas coming out of it.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all carry on the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Masson would pose you from the image -- think about the bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, liver, it's very aware.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want without effort of their parts.
It is really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some forces to the output.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help to digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what are the future us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are they destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one single company -- and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertainment part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by choice and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in solitary organisms, every cell is just divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted into the two daughters child.
But when the multicellular organisms come along, things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that goes through the genome, the rest of the body becomes preventive.
In fact, you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess to you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sexual self-interest, democratized, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that I went on, I had more doubts.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burgs, which still acted in Las Vegas right in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a magnificent dancing dance of clothes.
He looks at it, and he says, "Come on for a sex software."
"All right, he says, "Google, I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different target on the goal of evolution, not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome into the next generation, adapting and survival after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as a refugee rockets designed to send the genetic burden into the next level and then leave the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen express when he said, "I don't want to make the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest one.
Evolution favor the creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only survival test and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the farmers that can survive to the heat of the former women that will produce if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum, yet they have managed to make that a beaten environment.
So what does this mean? When we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and, in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confused our environment to adapt to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, let's measure it, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that there's an evolution of traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that evolution of evolution are sleeping slowly, but they're inequality.
And in terms of isolation -- when as a species we collect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibilities, an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
I call it the negative, new evolution, which is not just natural but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose at the individual and family level.
Think about also that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate application?
Would you want to do those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13 years.
It cost 2,500 million dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the 3,000 base pairs of the human genome to a nearby cost to the 20, and in a week.
It won't make a lot to make the human genome reality for 10,000 and getting more and more to the scope of all.
There are those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe it or not there is an experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in the cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
So imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of your deceptive?
What if you could change sperm and vulnerability, or changing the newly famous flight, and giving your children a better opportunity for a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating hemisphere, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt superconductors -- hyper-conducted -- a better memory.
Why not have a Ken Jennifer engineer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Water machine?
Why don't we have a control muscle faster than allowing us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irreducation.
And when we are in conditions of getting this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have turned the evolution of before in the neurological.
We're going to take a process that might normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in the country of a better society, more successful, more considered.
Or are we going to select selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robotics and more service?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing of all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions rather?
For good or for bad, and before what you might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making click, click, clich.
click, click, click, click, sounds low.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the middle.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There is no problem. We probably beat some birds.
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot aliens the plane with the Hudson River.
Obviously that's not the route.
He took the motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words ...
The three most passionate words I ever heard.
He said, "You know, prepared for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life ended up.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before dying, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to replace, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that further, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Congress codes bad coming back."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid George Washington, which was not very much -- I thought about, well, I really feel a great period.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve on everything I did.
But in my humanity I also give my ego place.
And I'm sorry of the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels great.
I don't try to be right, I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be naked, "15, 14, 13."
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please fly."
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went out, I had the feeling of, wheel, die not day.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness is simply signing into a single thought, which is just one thing.
I wish I could see my children growing.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  -- and I cry, cry as a little one.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
In all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was given a miracle of not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live in another way.
You who are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't be like that -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What would they do, that you still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever forever?
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are you being the best parents who can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graffiti of the 1980s.
One day he came home after ran and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has total paralysis today.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to pay Tony TV, TED and their cause.
So I went and met his brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that I've seen Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those apples?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the movie "The Film and the Marcon?
They communicate in that way -- they are driving with the finger.
I said, "That's archive. How can it be?
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a crash that I had no idea how it was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and his father there at that precise time, "All right, this is the trial, Tony is going to be able to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't communicate it."
So I spoke at a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GRI Grand Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then with a laser bridge, draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that you see, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Bush attacks and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much to move things back to each other, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of the insurance companies and we got a machine to be able to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing, I call it Eve because by talking to the guy, you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world -- all over the world -- all of the corner of the planet -- to our home.
My wife, kids and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and constructs and anatomia took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we were going to go back to the courts of the walls and instead there would be graffiti in their place.
But for two weeks, we programmed, we went to the Mars Martin Past, my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Exploration Climber, and you can see the description of description, "You can see.
They are a couple of gallons of cheap sunglasses that we bought in the sea of Venter Beach, some of the copper wire and Homer Department and Radio Shakespeare.
We take a PMS camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free to build yourself, we published the free code -- the software is driven in a free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance of insurance to say "No."
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's their room.
There was all this balance and short for the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what the feeling was in the parking room.
The funny thing was that we had to break in the parking way, so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what was telling us, "This was the first time he drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and would get me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a magical screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and faster and faster.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the thing: "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year at the MIT George in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Streets."
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best expose of urban art -- Bangladesh, Shakespeare Facebook, CAPTCHAsks.
TED is going to be in the show that is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the microphone, the microphone, nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything from this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology, I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want us all to do every day when we meet something that we feel like we need to do. If it's not now, when it's not me, who am I who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years to get into a very difficult situation and at the same time a dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous.
It filmed in war areas and hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in large part of my career, I've been immersed in horrible appearance situations with the only objective to try to try to examine social issues in ways that are attractive and interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a plane in Europe.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TED TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been the following: "A USDA program. My TED provided that you have no idea what it is about and in content could be exploring in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a platform in progress, by the way.
So even with that wisdom, I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of the marketing of the publication.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared me, nothing could be actually anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Suprematic. I want to make a film that deals with product collection, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with product collection and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call the biggest movie it ever sells."
What happens in "The Great Movie Ever sold is that everything from up to down, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time, from the assumption that comes before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Malaria Staring, the Stanford Center.
These people are going to be associated to the film to the approach -- forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea. (Music Kashmett: It's reduced. It's what? (MR: It's reduced.
I'm a redundant person. (MA: I just say that. It was more of a biomaterial.
It was "Al-Qaedan."
But we're not just going to have the X brand pattern in the title, but we're going to make sure we get all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and becomes the most cool shoe you've ever used to.
The most cool car you have driven in "The biggest movie every seller, the best wheat you have drink, correspondence of "The biggest movie ever sold it."
Samila Kongo: The idea is in addition to showing brands as part of life, making them fund the film? MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film -- from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps me make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Go: However, I don't know how fast people will be.
ZK: You have a perspective. I don't know if a neglected is very negative, but you know how it's going to represent? (MA: No idea. How much money does it need to do this?
MS: One and a half and a half -- (CA: All right. John Kamp: I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but that certainly is going to be able to convince a couple of big brands.
ZK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look like a lot of infinite ideas.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russian: Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... it means you're not very optimistic.
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (CA: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about which brands we have.
MS: Yeah. (MB: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places to go. (MA: Okay. Turn the camera off.
MS: I thought he started the camera meant we have a conversation outside the microphone.
It turns out the camera means "We want nothing about your film.
MS: And so it was, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
None wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old means and the sexual media scenario, isn't the idea of counting that new version of attention worthy that is going to lead the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a balloon mistake, and that error was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for images of transparency at Google appears --  -- this is one of the first images that comes up.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency, signature free or deception, easily detected or seen, easily understanding that it is characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practices, being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians are name, the president name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to making it really change something it changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that's still reading.
It's impressive.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is that risk?
Take an entire bowl of Colorado White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and saying we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and that's him looking at me as I used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wants to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kazzar of many years -- I realized I would have to go on my mind, I would have to take out the interface and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn up suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big, huge movies, giant and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies -- giant Hollywood movies, they say the reason their films are so successful because of the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies, Hollywood?
And the movie is called "The biggest movie is now soldier.
How are we going to see Bang specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the Bandwrin Death.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you really cool for this interview of it?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm down.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there I would offer one of these fabulous arms.
Both Florida and Vietnamese Vietnamese are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have as much for man as a woman, solid, blood by barrier, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a profound look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Similarly, to the smallest kind of movie you would say, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Bang to people is the reason why this interest us.
MS: What words would they use to describe Bangladere?
B is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Supernova technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the archive.
Man: We talk about something bold -- fresh.
I think "free is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus "commercial versus smell and subject."
It keeps you fresh.
How do you keep you fresh more? With better fragments, more free, three times cheaper.
Things like those who get the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-professor company.
What about me? What about a common guy, right?
I need to talk to the man from the street, people like me, to the common fish.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your shore?
Man: Mom my shore?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: They will pick up the 1980s, saturation put in less than it is damage.
MS: Okay, what is the Greeneone brand, right?
Gerry. Something unique. (MT: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark blogger."
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray and things like this.
Usually I carry access to sun glasses, or I like criminals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation? Merceing Berlin.
Man 2: The brand that I am, I would call it case.
Woman 2: In part of hypothetical, partly soft, partly Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mascasses.
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I deliver the market.
Man 5: Share scanner failed.
Is that something?
Aborian, I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I often rank in the intersection of dark glamour and case flight."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the "stage personalized.
And I found a company called Orlel Balino in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like New Never, February, Square to discover that personality personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Audience: You brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originally, and they start in a place and in my case they organize and start in my family, in Western Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: Next is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me from the because what does that look like?
What is the machine? What is the male phase now?
Why is it important to rescue? What represents the red, right?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphorical people have you?
You don't have to be afraid -- what kind of Russian mountain you are?
MS: Adam. (Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (MA: Big job. Oh yeah. (Man: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linux Zalley: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides of it, but complementary -- in your brand personality, brand Morgan Superman is a conscious brand.
They start very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's the human nature -- to avoid things that are not safe, they avoid fear, those elements and you actually give them their hands and make them become positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic one, Apple.
And you can also see here to Tarmitan, Will, Minnel Congo Country and Jepus.
Now there are legal marks and conscious brands -- those things that you've gone and come and a dynamic brand is something quite powerful.
MS: A confident brand. What's your shore?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality.
Are you a search attribute? Are you somebody who makes the blood flow?
Or are you rather a decorative attribute?
A little more calculated, reserved, conservative?
And accelerating attributes are like being free to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary -- contemporary, advance or bold like Green Florida, fast, or giant, professional or manufacturing, magic or mystic as Gandhi.
Or are you more really aware of defect?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 2010?
Are you still, traditional -- provide, protocold? Do you relate to Operation?
Are you reliable. Are you trusting, standing, familiar, confident, safe, contact or sanitation, like the Dalai Lama or Okay?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, anger and declares, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the desert centers in the brain both commercial marketing and cinema for movies.
We went to San Paulo. We went to San Paulo.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no steel, there are no stones, no flows, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing the way in schools in the United States.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones that I've been more successful are those ones that I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They removed the internalism, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? Did they succeed.
Well, since the movie is established in the Senetic Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burgana the movie is standing in January -- and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a couple of weeks and a half.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's not online yet. It's not in struggle.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this movie has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talked about, they were telling their customers to not be a part.
I've always believed that if you risk it, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that are pushing them into the failure.
I believe that when you train your employees in the risk of risk is preparing all your company to look at reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to be not afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to bring place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's open the fear. We open the risk.
From a cockroach at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to hold the transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to be a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We Agrecual Translation has been presented by my good friends of EmAX who by seven bought the rights of the name in Europe.
EM: It will become big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EMAX presents "Arabia Transport."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in behalf of the transparency, which happened exactly with those 170?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a character on behalf of the TED matrix of TED, the Spanish Foundation, a charter for seven to be applied to my TED attention for the next year.
The idea behind the South African worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the U.K. engineering plant in National.
The gray boxes that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves we can cause a lot of problems with central.
gray boxes don't use the software of Windows -- they are a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put Windows effective virus in a laptop computer used by an engineer to get this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with an instant Winny instrument.
The woman goes into the gray box, damages the centigrade, and the Iranian program is democratized, mixing missing.
It's easy, huh?
So I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Staices six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the West part of the Westerners.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stairea, and we saw what happened to this.
So very strange things happened.
Stile was behaving as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese. I smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely direct."
The instrument is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stile does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what's the goal."
It might be, say, for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better that we would discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we discounted the code of attack, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital pumps -- a small little and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very profoundly by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Still Still Still Stanford is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
So here you see a sample of this attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much to the old undersea language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we were looking at was called the system of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperature and data structures and tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about destinations that we can park or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent shoe, it must be a valuable white white, and it's certainly located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reproduced.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the National end power plant.
So I said to my assistant, "Take a list of all the experts in central scientists and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I went to an effort for bringing their experience to what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital way with the control of the robot.
The robot is that cell part inside the central, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you certainly can break it up and even make the cancer explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and describe in an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital weapon looking very closely at the data and their structures.
So for example, number 143 percent of that code can't be obvious.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these cents are built in Nairobi and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and each waterfall contains 132 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centimeters in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what do we find in the attack code, attack?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So it's not salting. It wasn't like this.
The results have been given after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in steel steel and we had to start again.
And yet, we discovered that both digital officials were pointing on one and same goal, but from different angles of them.
The small woman is taking a waterfall and making the robots turn and religion, and the big line is communicating with six steps and manipulating eggs.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the fate is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are taken by Stanford.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the central chains.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and violence sensors and it provides legitimate code, which still runs during the attack, with false input data.
And, you know, Believe or not, these fake entry data is presented by Stanford.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds from video puzzle.
Is it great is?
The idea here is obviously not just going to be broken to the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam tube goes on speed, you have to open scaling valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make a human operator, obviously.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're competed, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit it.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with conditions with uranium engineering.
It could also work as well, for example, in an energy plant or a car factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have the attacker -- which will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in Stanford case.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to design it.
Dissiden it as possible.
And if you did that, what you'd end up is with a synchronicity of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralin, has been done in many sides that people assume that the Mosquito is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Langaloo: OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Mosquito is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber support.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately far away.
Because otherwise our problems would be even higher.
CA: Thank you for measuring. Thank you, Ralifi.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and make a spread of subjective skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair and go back to walk.
In Berlin Bionicles, we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They are nothing different than something you put in the morning, give you a great force, which increases your speed, and it helps you, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign ones.
This is not an ironic idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on -- we start talking about the American soldier who, in average, has to take on your back, a 45 pounds charge -- and it's demanding to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to monitor this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hullon -- or Portugal Carbona University Court.
Soldier: With the elephant Hully I can cover 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in colleagues to drag and execute movements with great advertising.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my force and my resistance.
Elizabeth Benki, we are ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back to the look at the wheelchair users, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people on top of wheelchair around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when you start their life -- 20 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that is multiplied quickly.
His only option, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complicated complication -- it's the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful approach, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAG that Amanda Pocket who is using 19 years ago had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't go to walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bollywood. Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAG, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the board computer here in the back.
There are also a few batteries that give energy to the ends of the leaders, and in the knees, and they do it with this soft and very natural walk.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, ski costs down it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of seconds, I lost every feeling and all the movement of the pelvis.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "America, you'll never walk back.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
Adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to slow down on sketches, scan rocks and even ride on a hand bicycle.
But you haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the lives to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but Amazon, and all the wheelchair users to everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the physical Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of the Congo.
The bonobos are, along with the chimpanzees, their closest living relatives, right?
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known by their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've done too much toxic in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large types of big guys, appropriate society -- is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where the mortal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the great apes, unfortunately.
They live in the depths of the frozen sentence, and it's been very hard to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the lens itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been proposed for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat of hunting and deforestation makes you not be able to fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by making the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes "do love, not war, because they have frequent sex and promising and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems in humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Karland Susan.
Bonables, like humans, they love playing along their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster the tolerance of it.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity and diversity diversity and diversity fun.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild middle.
First of all, it's a bagged ball game, and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a restaurant.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, he has the ball of the balls."
Only I think in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So the sex game is common both in Bonobos and in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing elements of unusual elements to play -- like the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is physician.
The game is physician, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more tanked, imagination, curious -- maybe the place where the amazing one.
And I want you to see -- this is Fruit, a young female, who is playing with water clearly.
I think that as she said, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact with, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a harder world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our height of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take the maximum of our game capacity?
The game is not flashing.
The game is essential.
For bombs and humans alike, life is not just cruel and depressed.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, it can be the moments in which the most urgent thing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we reduce creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Horie.
When I'm not fighting poverty, completely commercials as a captain of captain in a body of voluntary firemen.
And in our city, where volunteers share a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still, there was a career in foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain of the captain -- I was cooled in a conversation with the owner that certainly took one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, hidden down, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer I had just arrived before I said, "Let's call them reading Lewisan Luther.  He got the first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog? I was so clear."
There was a lawyer or a gesture gesture that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people who entered a building in a building in a living building just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an advance.
He said, "Beause, I need to get the home.
I need you to go up, go through the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It was not exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- went to the real firemen that at that height more or less had finished the fire and entered the main room in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my Nigerians and the lovely dog on the main door.
And we took out of the house the tests for the owner of the house where, as I was to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the owner of the house by the effort that was shown to save her home.
The kindness that she looked at the other thing was that someone had reached him even a couple of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Holly as in my voice as a volunteer bomb, I'm a witness of an act of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also the acts of grace and courage.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved or are to achieve -- remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food in a dining dining park.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they go into the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beasa: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1898 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LEDs came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly plant.
And in a few years, the Letters of LEDs came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to advance, the new building block.
The transistor was a little plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick played on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block -- the transistor allows to create much bigger circuits and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Libras.
Let me show you how they work.
Little Libras are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they join with magnets together.
So you can't put it in a wrong way.
The leaders have a code of color.
The green is the course, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the closed.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and you can quickly begin to make bigger circuits.
A blue blue is producing light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse model, which is here, and now we have a light in it.
We added this intimate to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
So I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, Liberians are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldiers, Library allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Library is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to plates ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given Liberian to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start understanding the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light at night, or why the door of an elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also brought Library to design schools.
So for example, designers without any electronics start playing with Lepaleuces as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George to create.
A few weeks ago, we took Library of Library to the Rhode Island School designers who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done -- a conflict contact by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a little little little player made of platform that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Libras became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be about all of us.
So Library has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology.
And my little company is seeking to engage us with the environment focused on us.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little clip of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can. We can continue to get the video on a side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
solar technology is ...
Oh, do I take the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to detect, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "The Code for America, and it would be like a few peace bodies for technologists.
We selected some members every year and put them to work with the mentors.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world.
They made great applications. They worked with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
They know Al.
It's a hydrogen in Boston.
Here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what I really look for is somebody clean it down when you get caught by the snow because it knows it's not very good at getting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in this single way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of "Educated Members" for American."
They were there in February and at that moment I was spending a lot last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these hypothesis.
But one of the members named Erik Michelles noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice app where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept clean it when I snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can slow up.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the tiniest of the 21 scheduled applications.
But it does something that no other technology of government does.
And it spreads in viral form.
A responsible for the city of the city of Hollywood to see this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami surgeons.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people were stealing the batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens hold the expectancy of the expectations.
And Chicago had just released it to make people record to clean sidewalks when I snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction and organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know that this doesn't normally happen.
Software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the court power of California that until the moment has cost two billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is program in a couple of days, and it becomes viral form, is a kind of risk of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the better government to work -- not like private companies, as a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without restrictions, open and general way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an affordable, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we are very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "The Code for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration in front of that, but they don't complain about it.
And these people know something we've lost view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the Manhattan -- and all of those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in Tim Oliver: "What we do together because we don't can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to consider it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government is.
And because the government ultimately simple of us -- remember that from us, the people? The way to think about affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to be able to get care.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is mostly gravitational issues.
This is the telephone care center and information.
It's the place that draws the calls if you mark 311 in the U.S.
Scott came up with this call.
"I got "Britain in the official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. He started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open up the door, put a lot of hard music and see if you go there?"
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the gravitations.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a application, web and mobile, called "City Connection."
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New Boston Medical Medical Medical Medical Medical Medical Medical Medical People.
One day, this really happened -- it comes up with this question: "Bridge in my garbage cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it out?
The Digital Context dynamics is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In "City Connectivist everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I got up to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Britain? Yeah. Living? Yes.
I turned the cube back. I went home.
Good night, fresh grade."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the income income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to join and help others.
So a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being needed, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the input of the other.
That our input to the government system is vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and the politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters high.
On the bottom is what we call burial.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that appreciation that keeps us that we find that we finance as something that operates against us, that other thing, and we are losing the power.
People believe that politics is sensitive.
If we want this institution to work, we need to make the bureaucracy be personal.
Because it's where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Christmas movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the assignment of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been referring to government, it's time that we ask what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't press government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replicate the government function so that it can expand for civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act manufactured, only you have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age average of our members is 28 years old, so I am a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who you're going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
You can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when they face the government problem, you don't care too much to do their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program apps that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean up a hydrogen, taking out water, making a garbage cube that has a grandmother inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogen and a lot of people do.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a multi-professor male?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death pricing.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I have noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here have impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach the feeling of feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, which is if it's cardiac, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started many of the doctors in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia, about 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with the slavery as the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving too.
When I was a little and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so hard that I could barely breathe and then came up with me.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I was like, "Britain, still feeling my adviser?
And if I told him that no, he grabs me again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest than the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins running there.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her and I smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 to 20 minutes, she stood up, and she took my hand off my hand and said, "You see Brow. We both are going to convert."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
She took me outside and he said, "Britain, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody to tell you."
I said, "Okay, May."
She said, "Now let me say you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brown."
I said, "Sure, Mamm."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
Addit: "She is my daughter, and you have to promise you to always carry."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mamma, so I'll do."
Then he said to me, "The second thing I want you to do is you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is hard."
And I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mamm. So I'll do."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to do is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, my brother came home with a six-year-old package with a six-year-old package -- I don't know where I pulled them, I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We just got to do the crazy ones.
He took a beer surgeon, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You follow it, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same as us.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No. Don't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a beer.
He looked at me with force and he kept going, "Oh, don't be you're still thinking about the conversation with Mamm."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mom, tell all the grandchildren that are special."
I was scared.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be simply spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken an alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue, I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that they really don't see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the prostate.
My uncle died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to be engaged with.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than what was 40 years ago.
There were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration of incarceration in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so much disability, so much despair.
One of these three black black black and 30 years is in jail or a conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Balini, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all the young color people are in jail or in the conditions.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is a lot better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, it is a wealth that leads to the results.
And it seems to be very quiet.
The politics of fear and the face makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some really curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you get you from rights for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 30 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of rights loss will be as elevated as it was before they showed the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where the 13 years are to die in prison.
We have this prison country for children, no possibility to go out.
So right now we're in a process of some litiesty.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the wall of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for commercial crimes?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There is another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for commercial crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people, you have identified one which is innocent that is extended and released from the death of death.
A rate of error -- amazing. An innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to plant airplanes if every nine they would get up, you would be starting.
But somehow we isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
Interestingly, in my classes with students about African history, I talk about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being leadership.
They were worried about being bombing.
The threat of terror was what his lives defined it.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you do talk, you do speech. Tell the people who stop saying that in our history we do for the first time with terrorism, after 11."
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism continued obviously with secretion and decades of racial substance and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
And all the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty lectures.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good enough to hear what you say."
Addit: We have no death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our history, we can never get in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we and intentional and deliberately put us to run people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run people, especially if they were in their most Jews," especially if they were in their many?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irritain.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't actually worry about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, implicated.
We love innovation.
It fascinated the technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are underground by suffering, abuse, degradation, marriage.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the desperates, which will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that is within our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity. development comes not only of brain ideas.
These things come from ideas from food as well for the heart benefits.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to not only in the bright and unfortunately, but also the dark and the difficult.
Valley Hawaii, the great child, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in despair sites and to be testicular.
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be committed.
There is no relationship with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them back.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer -- to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just meeting to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carry called me to say, "Britain, comes the Mr. Parks. We're going to come together to speak.
You want to come and listen to it?
I would say, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what are you going to do when you come from?"
I said, "Listen, listen.
So I went and just listened to them.
It was a very striking thing, very illumination.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks went to me and said, "Now Brown, I want to be that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted unfortunately.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without conditions for children.
We try to do something about death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end up with mass collapses."
I gave him all my best speech, and he looked at me and said, "Oh my Muslim Mon's Mom."
And he said, "Let me stand up, very straight."
At that time, Ms. Carrel leaned up, put her finger on the face and said, "This is why you have to be very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we have committed to.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not a slide.
Even if someone kills another, it is not that it's a mass.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's how it isn't.
I really think that in many parts of poverty that's justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very unlimited, very enough, we won't judge for our technology, because of our design, not because of our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society judging a society, not because of the way they treat rich and powerful, but because of the way they treat the poor, the condoms, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really deep issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel definitely. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It remains tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced to a lot of dirt.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years, who have been talking to them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what isn't it?
The judge took it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was wake up thinking -- for God, if the judge can turn you into something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brown, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very late, I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a computer.
I had a 14-year-old client -- a tiny, poor, black.
I started working on the machine, with a home that said, "Most of my black client of 14 is treated as a 75-year-old privileged white white corner.
In the society, I found that there had been industrial behavior in the atmosphere, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was a bold line about how in this country is not ethical but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking about that motivation would be a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced it, but he had sent it to the cut.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went into the car and I felt really sensing, anti-community.
I went in the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and possible.
I finally dropped out of the car. He walked to the judge of the game.
I was climbing up the stairs when I found a older black man, and it was the judgment of the judge.
When I saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is you a lawyer? I said yes.
So I'm approaching and embracing me.
And I was whispering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was wireless.
That was deeply connected to me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this understanding mortal?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me? And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all independent.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
They came up with the police of the passionate prosecutors -- the advice of advice.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all frustrations because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the roof of the eye, I went to see the question that he was going and came.
I looked at the window and hit all that scream.
He kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black old black, walked in the room and sat behind me, almost at the lab table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge described a receptor.
Over the course of the account of the algorithm he showed up because the construction had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black man stood up and looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I go to this audience room to tell this young man who will keep her view in the goal with symmetrical.
I have come to TED today because I think a lot of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly evolved human rights if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
Our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to franchises, compassionate and justice.
And above all, those of the present people share this, I just want to tell you that keep the view in the goal with symmetrical.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire for the audience, of this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum that is going to be an effort to retrospect the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty over the next five years. One billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide are not in arrests.
56 percent of rapes don't come to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This reference is going to be able to get rid of these funds to make it light up to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it is said that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that's like this?
BF: Actually, crime rate has remained relatively stable.
Great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increases in the prison population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to lead people to perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brown, you've been excited today today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Locker: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Lock 2: Hammingbirds in Somalia, Lock 3: The police reacted pepper gas.
Announcer: Color 4: Cockroach 5: Corporation 5: Marketing crossing.
Lock 6, social decision. Second 7: 65 die.
Lock 8: All of the tsunami -- Lock 9: Circuscusing.
Several locals. War to the nurse. mass destruction. Torren.
Recession. Bank. Justine Juneon. Egypt. Syria.
crisis. death. Destruction.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diagrams. These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, which could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses get a lot more data than the brain is probably able to make.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first stop of all of those data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called the magician.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
I came up and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So in a tens of stories, we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old boundary of the press, "If there's blood, sold it, is very true.
And because all digital devices provide negative news the seven days of week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pessimists.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong.
But maybe not.
Maybe, instead what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, species extinction. Street scarcity and energy, we certainly have them.
As human beings, we are very good at embracing the problems, and in the long time, we end with them.
So we looked at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life has more than doubled, average per capita per capita per capita has tripled all over the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communication, has fallen up to 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenne went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refugees, television, the collapse and cars.
The magnificent cards of the last century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that continues in technology technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the performance of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile cell phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace in recession and in age.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's graduated in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, at Moore's Law Act, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The cloud in the cloud, that my friends of Australians call infinite computing and sensors and networks, the robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, the fuels, the vaccines and the food, digital medicine and the nations and the A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Japanese from Watson, of IBM: from IBM from IBM: in IBM: from IBM from IBM: in IBM: from IBM from IBM: Did you see the IBM: from IBM from IBM: is it IBM: did you see the IBM: from IBM from IBM: Did you see the IBM: from IBM from IBM: Did you see the IBM: from IBM from IBM:
It was pick.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I would have.
And I loved this: "Watchards come to human opportunity."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
Play with the slaughter of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available to everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or service, which can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people today.
Thirty years ago, that would have sound absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and it is stripped back.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of National II in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited to dinner the king of Silico.
The National troops ate with silver covered, and the same National, with gold.
But the King of Silicon, ate with aluminum covered coal.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than the gold and the plate.
So that's why the tip of the monument to Washington is algae.
You see, even though aluminum is 1.3 percent of the Earth's mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure goal.
It's linked by oxygen and silly silks.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disabled.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 terabytes of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity. It's about action.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the gift of it, 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance as well.
Let's talk about wars for water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager Space spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn."
I took a famous picture. How did it call out?
"A poster blue dot.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for five percent of water on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nature.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the Brazilian -- I'd like to share with you, I gave me permission to do -- his technology called the Clark -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to any source of any water water, polluted water, a letter, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes well, and I have confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is made by this technology that today exists today.
And we've seen it in the phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that nobody could have ever predicted.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- X-a video, images, book libraries and music technology, medical diagnostic technology, now distributed and lose market value with the mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes to when the applications are coming in.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the California Foundation, something called the X March March Promise of 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I. they can teach it, they can extract blood blood.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the corner of computer is 25 percent of the health worker.
When this device sequence is a RNA virus or DNA virus that doesn't recognize the health of health, and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion increases.
The white lines here are the population.
We just moved through the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you add to global conversation.
What do these people want to want?
What would you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will be able to get more health thanks to the Tragic, a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive healthy?
How about a few voices ever before?
What if we give the operations, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these 3,000 billion do?
And if you are contributions that we can't predict it?
One thing I learned with the X X is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do the great corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Food.
I came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how the protein will be planted.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a support problem.
They've played with these college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the human pattern recognition machinery is better by putting proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to assume the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation.
We have the capital of technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have some extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
This is the current point of the game.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before you give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1839.
Maybe they believed paintings, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a very common."
It was the mean.
I took it a lot to the 1980s.
Now the fish is in the Red Red list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The leaflets still say they keep intuitive.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the concern of the waist.
Because I was there in 1975, studying a place in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could be interested.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palm parts, and, as you can see, from a few mangrove phones.
There were slides of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar therapy.
And the fish of this therapy was very abundant and passed for a good time, so it was getting more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later the number of fish had declined in half.
They made the five inches market.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was collecting in the introduction of the architecture fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I was starting in the 1960s -- Europe did many development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly was called the Muslim Four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in the southern China Sea and especially at the James of Jane.
What we capture was something wrong.
We capture now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponsors, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about a few rest, remains that are fish of coral reefs.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck and then was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a liquid.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They did them because they were dead.
Once we capture a living.
I was still not aware.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you collect the fishermen every time you go to an area you've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We looked at the starting point to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens something like this.
On the axis -- we have good things -- biodiversity -- a lot of orders, the truth of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of their conscious life at the beginning of their conscious life like normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of change.
And at the end of keeping a few remains at the end.
And that, in large ways, is what we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct is just a little bit often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose very little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fishing.
Over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, will assume that it was very different.
And you'll do it because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them are, as they capture such as I capture such a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually not using the fish scientists because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in built societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can be a marine marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the game point has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people that you can see a marine marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that provides them, which allows them to erase their point of particular.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access as people in the Middle West, for example?
I think there and cinema may be able to fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation from the Stephen Bay Similar.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Stephen Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the mathematicians and the total ones are like Adam."
And if you think about Adam, if you think about why people were touched with the movie -- not talking about the story of Pooling, why would you get to the images?
Because something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I'm going to give is Cameron II under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Atlanta, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So we're going to see why video videos are made and how important that is.
We all want to be stars, celebrations, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web is making any of us, or our actions, copper on a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be done on the Internet in a sanitation.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a small percentage is made viral -- it gets infinite and gains cultural monumental.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators and participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bang Vagon: Oh, my God, God mine.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Whood, gun."
KA: Last year, Bob Vocamic published this film outside his house in the National Park of Youre.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This chart shows the projections in the peak of popularity of the past summer.
Beach is not proposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Young Mountain Beach.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimma.
Jimmy Kimmer published this text that would capture the video to popular.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmer present us new and interesting things and divide them to a wider audience.
Republican Black:  It's Friday, Friday, you have to start the Friday.   Everybody wants you to get the end of the week, the weekend.   Friday, Friday, Friday --   KA: You won't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Republican Blain Blaise is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Like "Adam Archimedes doubled, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday day?
Well, he took Tox and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from mysterious Tismatch Third, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends take a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 projects of Vegas on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the international entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by dealing with it or doing something new with that.
"No Cate" is a repetitive animation with a mass music.
So that's it.
You saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a version of three hours that has been seen four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet technology community.
There were removed.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it was internationally.
All of a sudden, a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a little joke.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Army Army or Republican Black or "Nanopatch Camb?"
What would it be written to be written by this situation?
In a world where two days of video is coming up for a minute, just that really unique and unexpected can be turned out so that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the criminals in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nies: I was driven by not circular for the biomass, but there are often obstacles that will be impossible for the biomass.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Nies managed to get five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we create creative.
And this leads to a big question.
Beach Vasco: What does this mean?
Whoo.
KA: What does this mean?
The creators of trends, creative communities, is totally unexpected -- are features of a new type of media, from a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popular.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Benjamin, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media, they are barely the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still born.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning a whole life.
It's a poet, a dragon, a man whose entire life had been supported in the only unit of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communist came into Sieler, facing the fact that their life had been totally in sound.
The words, for so long friends, now they were balanced.
It was recorded in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that be in south, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get us off, but we set it out.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when it comes to the single sea.
My mother, Mai, was just 18 when his father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had gone down to one task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was impossible for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years old that defies the fiction, a boat was sliding into the sea disguised of fishing bus.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pirate and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a chip with poison.
If you capture us, we first took it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the proper rate of the engine, and it is going to dive into each wave, and the horizon vast and hidden.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the will of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't walk for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much to him, and the first apple I tried -- because of the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we were pregnant in Mellowh.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Friday, a work suburb whose population is composed of immigration.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I knew, in Francisco, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of England conducted in between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a title at IT -- the information -- in the information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assigned, and I set up an extra authority in English and mathematics, no matter what would be taken, which was usually new clothes, always was a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tonetis, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird singing and painful singers on the "swimmed eyes and some graduate, "Asian, go home."
home, where?
Something in me was sick.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was lying every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered hands, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be a static and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and inflated and unable boys to be trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, I was the classic classical Asian student, implicit with what I was demanding from myself.
In the other, I was bound in price lives, tragic limited by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyers, I was elected by the Australian young young year.
And I was catching a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit out.
So Leonardo, anonymous resident from Friday, was now so Leony, refugee and social activist -- invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the coaches.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the comfort of life in an identical suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for nearly 20 years, telling the day of each one and standing asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age as she had when we went up to the boat.
The no happened had been an option.
"Let's put it to me, and you don't know what you are.
So I talked about juvenile and education and attention to markets and described.
And the more frankly, the more it was solved to speak.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the frontier of possible.
And although I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a discovery, a newly coming up, new on the scene -- and not just it's fine, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because being inside it can easily mean colling the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is destroyed, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that would not have been allowed to be all threatened.
There was an energy there, an implant optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and bravery market.
So I kept my intuition.
I joined a little group of people who the slogan cannot be able to be a researchers challenge.
For a year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I did a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked until I entered the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure continued to continue.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Confucion was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that mattered to me.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died soon after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
By the age of 17, it became a condition of Mandarin whose mother would beat her.
Without the support of his husband, they caused a retrofit to demand it and take the cause itself, and much more back to you when I win.
It can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died to 1,000 miles, in Mellock.
I looked through the morning of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Day later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Francisco and sat around his attack.
We tell him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monkey came and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey: "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't sold it."
If there is a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Because we were and how life formed us, now we can see that the men who had come to our lives would have been frustrated.
The defeat would have easily agreed to it.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could do that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of easy, the right.
Can I give you a problem in your lives, supply value in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything electrical?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you, I would do it.
Tremendous Nelson and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Ramp about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Alice.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the time of ancient Indian epidemic "The Martin."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel we jumped into a car and we were operating the sky.
We do it with airplanes.
At the time when Abusine, the great Indian warrior individual, he was sex, he took a bow and with a floor to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with dollars and machines.
The conclusion we pulled out was that the machine had replaced magic.
And that introduced me a lot.
I felt a little bit more technical technology.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a perception if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tell my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather recognizes me his plate plate of pocket.
And this 50 year-old technology was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, and parasites and buildings in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile computers, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we do.
They give up our inspiration.
So I got rid of that, and I went back to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we?
They collect the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly musicalification.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "You put your fingers on every light.
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times I get a letter -- the iPad, knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited about all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragonflies, but that magic magic of childhood, those ideas that we get from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar was always aware of me.
So here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And really, they illuminate your way into what remains of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxy would get into a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I dragged towards this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all fantasy books there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, struggle and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain parts of the book, it also reveals it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary.
These are the operating ones.
We've all heard of the fairies and the ninets, but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts, the operatives?
These poor operations have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been struggled, painted to their Pans, have not gone out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of calls, streets, stones and cookies.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out and in a chapter take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a road and says, "Oh, I saw a story."
A kid in India says, "I saw a monkey today."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken.
Within the variations of connection between magic, Earth and technology are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book, we have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video ends up and through augmented reality, you see a group of encouraged dots that appear on the interior plants of the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound sound and blow them up to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are entertained with technology and magic and technology come closer to each other.
We take the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many soul projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University Redwood was to redesign a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she came up with a little coffee cup or you and I asked patients, family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the sound projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia school. It's very simple.
It's got a picture of training and stopping.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilos.
But it is so simple, that every time I connect me, I sends my information to Google Health.
And my doctor of having access has access to him too. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time as I need a cartoonist assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connected to my Wikipedia school, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me, Luckle, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the partners used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, you can start to move people out of their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week it will be available.
This little bank connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will have, from their homes, take their artificial pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, back to the control of the control and to be able to be able to care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the shot of costs of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
You can do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients on the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through crazy.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic boxes are in Mappet.
It's also where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DVR to help this patient?
We asked but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get DVR saves lives right now.
What we did was we did crazy in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public Channel, and you see a DEC, please look at it, say, and when it's open, because sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DEC were already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, really augmented to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mappet and someone collapse, you can use their iPhone, and the next weeks will use their cell cell phone to find the nearest DVR, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DVR 40,000 -- which is the name of the product, but also as DNA.
And we want to start it at the world level.
We're dealing with all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for the DVDs of the DNA around the world.
Every time you are in vacation and someone gets up, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DVR.
You might be a message service or a telephone people, for example, to see if the DEC that shows is still in place.
Please join us in this and not just improve health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because of course, they're pictures that you can't take with your cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed up with my previous passion for the drawing, but it was a little bit different, because using the camera the process was in planning in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the pulse.
And for me the photograph had more than to do with being in the right place, at the point of time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
Foundations like this: a building in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism at all.
Or photos like this, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say realists I say photosynthesis.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
And pictures that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Are the details or the colors?
Does the light?
What creates illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginative objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still looks transparent as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know that there is no exist.
So we get the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process when I combine the photographs.
It is really to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture look realistic -- I think they're the ones that we don't even think, the things that surround us in our daily lives.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are transferred with these requirements, and they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of the different images with a perfect meeting.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
And I might think this is a picture of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulating the bottom.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal way, I think it's easier to create a place to find out because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
Costs are from a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a stone poet.
And yes, I even did red the house of the top of the island to look more sign.
So to make a realistic result I think it takes planning to it.
You start with a boat, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful, and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'm going to start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general side.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the potential of RISD microRNAs versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this is, as a lot of others we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Speaking technology with secretly curves is a novel thing.
So something strange happens.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in playing scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to grab, the diagram would look something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if a graphics, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a secular curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation would move as fast as microscopics, tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of the technological growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plan is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
To be so, we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask myself, is what is that new way that you adopt the world?
What new state is the world drives?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we are embedded in it.
I remember a child in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been used, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it's all going to be so different that it will extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experiment.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we got back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals, we gave an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those oil droplet got a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so on and so forth.
And they started to divide out.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet of oil.
But those things were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them has a restaurant of chemicals.
And every time they divide they had an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they have.
And so every flu was a little different.
In fact, the things that were somehow decided to be better at the time of incorporating the chemicals, they grew more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer. They were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick.
In a way that we don't understand very well these grandchildren learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate with.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to be stable since evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
Every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just by fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 microbes of white dust that I try to hide people in the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and I amplified 10 to the 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot of the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a fluid, I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step, right?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy for another billion years.
But then another great step happened in which things became very different and that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming the communities of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid the penicillin, and they passed them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that were in a certain way, and in a way, they were together.
So they survive or failed together, or that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were represented more and they were favor by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up with so much that, in fact, went together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multiple communities, communities of many different cells working together as one organism only.
In fact, we are a multitasking community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and made levels more interesting than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that did more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible structures to record, understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because I knew bad and sweet the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for the hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system building those information structures fundamentally accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea in the head.
I'm here sitting here by emitting a few grandchildren, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and conflict, in your heads that I have a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as a organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
So now we go through similar periods of multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CDC, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You saw the evolutionary example of you in which I produced some evolution with the Conventional Program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of history I told you about took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, the language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process removes -- I guess authoritarian is the right word to name something that will accelerate its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is removed.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Think-interest Machins, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you might not be able to do before, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it involves methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using last is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions in healthy?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, to run all those programs, and take those who are more approved to what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more approaching numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task.
Let's get those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce those who best ordered the numbers.
And we go back to represent them following a process of black recovery to sex.
Let's take two programs, and they send children, which exchange superconductors, and the children inherit the properties of both programs of the programs.
So we got a new generation of product programs from the combinations of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
Calculator again.
It involves some mutations.
And I try and try and play with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they get the comedy.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depended on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Martha Missing and he pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel aware?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they're complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes very different.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's removed.
The thing is getting faster, and so I think it looks so confusing.
Because all these technologies are returned.
We're going on.
And we're at an analog moment to the uniform organisms when they became multiple.
We are the ears, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we are all part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before they leave.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've run enough time to allow me to be part of my false practice on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go out "Roughtenie the Rules," talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300,000 of a battery that battery 300 percent.
That means the baseball based on, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught up, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't come in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know what they call a 300 in the Great Lifes?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know what they call a 400 baseball based?
By the way, that is somebody who was 10 hits -- it was four dollars.
Lego -- like the Legal Williams, the last player in baseball in baseball to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have advice and they are led to a surgeon that also has a 400 percent record in appearances.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that you live in a remote place and you want to have two observation artists and your family physician is led to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is about 200 of them.
But you know something?
She's getting better this year.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I will ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or orangutan, a nurse or a gender obstacle?
1,000 very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in the whole medicine knows about a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and it included, with the management of being perfect.
They never, ever commit a mistake and pretend to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in the medical school.
I was a computer observation.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldie studied to a blood test.
So ...
I studied in my little dense, at the head of nurses of the General General Hospital -- not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my anatomy class, I memorized origin and muscle work, the branching of every art that comes out of the boat, the difference of difference and not humanity.
And I even knew the difference of difference about how to classify the kidney tartle access.
And as much as I accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you get out of the medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything -- because I am income from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. French.
I was residents in a college hospital here in Toronto, when they brought Mr. Francisco to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you choose to consult a cardiologist to get to a cardiologist I got to attend that patient.
And I will report to the head of residents.
When I saw Mr. Francisco, I was swimming.
I heard a regular sound.
And when he subsided, I listened to a submitted sound on both sides -- what was telling me a congestion cardiac failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are flipped by blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I went to work in the treatment that I would give you.
He gave him advice and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him diagrams, water pills, so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I made the first mistake. He sent her to her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I did not do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to bring a whole piece of information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to assume responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even going to contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When you send it to his house, he didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said, "Wool, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I had to ask the nurse to take care of Mr. Francisco, "Do you think it's okay if you go home.
And the nurse thought and then he said, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigms took her to her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I went on with my job.
At the end of the day, I chose to leave the hospital and walked towards the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the road to home.
And there is another nurse, not the one that I care from Mr. Francisco before, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear of.
Other specialists fear them as well, but there's a particular in electronics, and we see patients fragile.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total naturally.
"Well, she comes back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and at the edge of death.
When I did an hour of having arrived at home, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse. And her family called 9/11, the practices brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 feet of Hey, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff broke all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the art pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was consuming and sacred to the cord.
He had a mix of feelings because then that they would stabilize it was in intensive therapy and I was hoping against all hope that would be recorded.
And in the two or three days next was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an inequality damage.
The family got together.
And in eight or nine days, they realized what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let her go. The lady France, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The following weeks, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt lonely, isolated without feeling that healthy shame, because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the countries and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I spoke to the family and I'm sure that he was subsidizing the things and made sure that they wouldn't be given me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did she send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so stupid for?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little a little bit of that feeling was displaying.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, he opened up the sky, and finally the sun came out, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself where if I developed the efforts to be perfect for not to make more mistakes, I would make those voices happen.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto, and I got a 25-year-old man with a pain in the short.
I was very busy and advanced.
He pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little color.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him to her home.
But while he was headed to the door kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my change change, my wife asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I gave the three words: You remember you?
Remember the patient he saw for a pain in the pack?
And he went back and I didn't have a predictable farming.
He had a potentially deadly affect called spinals.
You can search for Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but in the top, it will cause the closing of those tracks.
He did not fail.
You get antibiotics and it goes back to the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and reports, then I went back and went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency room, not diagnosis addressing.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a rick of kidneys, but it turned out normal. A colleague that was revising the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He ordered him liquid to laugh and asked my colleague to do it.
He checked it up and by noticing some sensitivity in the lower right-hand square, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they got right.
But every case I was advanced, I was stretching.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a beach.
The most significant people have been over the last five years.
Just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't get away and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them this to don't make the same errors?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course you will hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transition in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe you would have difficulty in looking at your eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that are passionate about and the ones that have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of a lot of different and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical practice and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto, Star Cold, Black Coke, Black Carter, black art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are original.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, in which one in 10 prescribed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or discipline is not right -- in a system where intergalactic infections are increasingly more, and more numerous -- causing chaos and death.
In this country, 24 thousand Canadian people die to overwhelming medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it's about surgeon subsidies, because we're not discovering the problem as we should.
And this is how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get updated with us.
sleep deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest on the chest, it comes from color with light eyes and with algae to alcohol, and suddenly my story is struggling.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't replace their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, no one left.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases, right?
In my program, "Walker," black art, is a subject to say, "This is my worst error? I would tell everyone, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake," blah blah blah blah blah blah -- "What are your errors? And I will steer the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would be arrested, and they would go down the head and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to say, "Look, don't commit the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redefine medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine physician is human, it knows human, it accepts it, and it's not proud of their mistakes, but it was effort to learn from learning to others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with intention to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes from time in it.
My name is Brian Goldian.
I'm a redefine doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel so much but I was effort to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions do we do any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey for over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose a middle American, is about 70 to a day.
It doesn't do a lot of research, in a research for a week to a group of companies of business.
Researchers recorded the different tasks for these executives and the time they used to make related decisions with those tasks.
They found that, in average, they were 1939 jobs per week.
Naturally, every job included many microscopics.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the career of nine minutes, and how many of a hour of an hour again?
How do it qualify the way that you handle those decisions?
I want to talk to you today about one of the biggest problems that I want to do right now, to choose to the contrast of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I'm talking about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In other ways, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a pain.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of spread opposite?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I found this very, very high level supermarket.
His name is Dr.
It was almost like going to an amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and wind, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of white water, and this was when we were taking water from the grain.
I loved to go to that store, but in one occasion, I asked me, why never bought anything?
This is the kind of olive oil.
They had over 75 different kinds of classes, including those who were in the sealed box that came from a million trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him, "Do this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came up every day, usually with their cameras.
So we decided to do a little experiment with the members.
Passion.
They had 38 different classes.
We installed a place to say, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six flavors -- or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: first of all, what were people willing to stop to stop the member?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a metaphor rate.
Here we find the opposite effect.
When they stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy metaphor.
The ones that stopped when there were six, we saw 30 percent bought members.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy me if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy metaphor probably makes us -- at least it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the emergence of choices affects us in the very momentous decisions.
We decided to decide not to decide, even though this doesn't make us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Bureau, Emina Kanchart and Walken Jame, where we looked at the savings decisions for about a million Americans, between about 65 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of sources available in savings of savings for reputation, the 401 program, distributed people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 or more, not as high as you would like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the percentage 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, more people were engaged by avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon as more choices, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three major negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which is that you can apply it even when this is against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, although they are obviously going to get better.
The main reason is that we are looking at that giant variety of May, mustard and vitamin and memorized, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and counter and choose that amazing exhibition of it.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we have assigned, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can teach in their business.
The first is, Court.
You've heard it before, but it's never been true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Court."
They care about losing space in the atmosphere.
But actually, what we are seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in the sales -- you will go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Program & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Sams to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman calculated corporate produced the products for cats that were less sold in, the uses were increased by 87 percent, for two causes, bigger sales and fewer costs.
You know that supermarkets today, in average, provide 45,000 products.
In a standard of Walmart.
But the world's largest stores in the current world is Alex and offering only 140,000 products -- a kind of steal tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that you've come up with about how to deal with the options is David Laws, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a life insurance background.
So who they really want to choose to choose is 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know often people say, "I don't know how to cut down.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is I ask the employees, tell me the differences that there are between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, they can't do your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gard.
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people of this audience a few vacation with all of the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take Garden offending.
(A apples. Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the offer.
They're not else?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually got to hear more hands.
All right.
You actually had more information in the first round than in the second, but I can tell you and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of speech opposite, which is Congress.
So people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very vivid in a very virtually, very concrete way.
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit card or credit cards than when they use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Solly Berning and Alexander President, about NGO personally workers who worked at INCA -- these people were in a meeting where they were being accelerated to a 404 plan.
And to that meeting, we built exactly as being used -- we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we applied to the staff that would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minimum there was an increase in the standards of 20 percent and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, of four percent.
The third technique is Clarino.
We can handle more categories than options.
So for example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Supreme Soviet surfaces along the northeastern row, magazines can contain from 33 different types to 665.
But you know?
Because classical tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions here.
One is called "Jacamine and the other, "The Stephen."
If you think the one on the left is Swiss, and the one on the right is Jazeera, give a pain.
(A apples. Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Swiss, they give a pain.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Swiss. But you know something?
This classical statement is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to who I choose -- not when they define them.
You often look at this problem with those huge funds.
Do you suppose who they're informed?
My fourth category considers.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow us to customize it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to check the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box box, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look like?
How involved you are.
If you're always acting the button by defect in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed -- or not, we're losing them.
We found that the ones who go from many options to a few options, they have the button per capita over and over again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was disrupt the order that information was presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Although I choose the change box doesn't say anything about the preferences of the inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we are building that now has more related to the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the spread of options, and Court, extract strange alternatives -- concern, make it real. Clarifient, we can handle more categories with fewer options, to drive the complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or to the people who serve.
I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter to write, I had to record it to the government.
I had to record a text sheet of text written with the machine.
And this is why the government could track the origin of text.
If they found a writer with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that anybody could do this, how much that would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow dots on every page that follows a pattern that makes you from one and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to get a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If we look at what happens in the world online, we can get the attacks on their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the civilizations.
Like Mr. Dimitri Goldian of the city of Kyoto, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the choices to make a lot of money, lots of lots of money.
There are really a lot of millions of millions online, multiple ones, who made money with their attacks.
This is Vagora Rasian, from Tarmitan, Star.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Warbara.
This is June Sona.
These are Matthew Anderson: Tarting Australia and so on, etc.
These guys do their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking transplants to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Japan, and this story had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Japan was still slowly, he found her paradox.
And I say that today it's more likely than any of us are victims of a criminal crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate them the protests, they motivate them, they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have declined in the last 12 months taking a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks. criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the government they attack.
And then we see cases like Digital Director.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Digital is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
I declared the business the last fall, because of a shoe.
They correct the security of the site and they lost a charter.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representative of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the discomfort to Director.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of this?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certainty.
What do we serve the certainty?
Well, you need if you have a website with hostilities, Streeten encrypted services, services like Guanglon.
Except, they get a foreign attractive authority.
They emit appropriate celebrity.
And in the case of Denmark it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April of 2011, and during the business of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this card called RSC.
And within that folder there was notes from a company with the headquarters in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool by 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, you found the South South Artship: an out used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But it goes beyond today.
The Internet connection.
You will use even tools like the South South to infect our computer with a train to allow them to see all the communication, and listen online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I really don't affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy is not discussing it.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we react today, will be forever.
We're going to blindly trust any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
Here's where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi does not have close to most of the South, which means that wild animals like the cells migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions do, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we stood up in the morning, and we found it dead very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up with the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock -- and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
So I think this is so few in the National Park of Nairobi, I think.
A child in my community, in the age of six, is responsible for his father's cattle.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this didn't serve, because it even helped the lions to see the stage away.
I didn't get there. It continued.
A second idea was to use a spinal spider.
I tried to get the lions to believe that I was close to the core.
But lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the spinally, and they went back and they said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and kill animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a torch and that day, the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would learn and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken length.
I add everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supports the electricity to the little Indian box, I call it a transformation.
And the indirect box makes the lights destinate.
As you can see, the light bulbs are going out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how the lions look like when they come from night.
The lights determine and they deceive lions to think that I'm walking around the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had a problem with the lions.
And the homes of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and I wondered if I could put the lights out.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea also is used now across Kenya, to encourage other predators like helicopters, legislation, and also being used to spread elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funding and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, I was just a kid in the savanna stones holding my father's cow out of my father, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he said that some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come on plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to come to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad.
Asshm one. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
LT: My next invention is -- I want to do a close electricity. CA: A close electrical?
RSW: I know that the electrical fences were invented -- but I want to do mine.
CA: So I try it once, right?  LT: I've tried it before, but because I got a calculator.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate every single step that you know, my friend.
Thank you very much. RT: Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I don't send anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim IIR, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
And sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister of my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop exist in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We are collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We're prepared to die."
I was very allowed.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
For a little while, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete my memory.
A living woman was dead in the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without doing anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine shirt to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, over a million North Koreans died during famine and only a few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent of the energy cortex, all of me around the night I was completely at night except for the lights of the sea in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring neighbors.
This is the Army River, which serves from boundaries between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very scarced at certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross serious.
But many of them die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives, to live with distant parts.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a normal refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the normal refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and represented to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was done, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and they entered me in the police station.
Someone had been accused by being normal, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and dependent.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interface, he said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North Chinese in China are searching for foreign embarrassments.
But many of you can be arrested by Chinese police and dependent.
These women had a lot of luck.
Though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These projections were not so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or excuse or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape a lot of other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, the whole world can be turned into an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk by going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I a South or Northern Northern?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride me.
Although adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the entrepreneur exam at university.
Right when I began to adapt to my new life, I got a call atmosphere.
North Korean authorities played a little bit of money that sent my family, and as a punishment my family was going to be displaced to force to a place on the outside.
They had to run immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I joined the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked all of us and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I mostly stood up and I told him that they were some marketing people who were accomplishing.
And I looked at myself, but fortunately he believed me.
We did the whole way to the Latin border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Las.
But even after I passed the border, my family was arrested and concluded to cross the border.
After paying back and supporting, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and except again in the capital of Lagas.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything for free to my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was held in a short prison in the South Korean Embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man wondering, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would matter to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained to him the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the automatic chart and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two North Koreans and get them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I am not helping you, he told me.
"I'm helping the normal town.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown slow symbolizes a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the normal village need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of English language, job practices, work practice.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help normal normal opportunity for international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans training around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Central South Center stores, fast food, linked terrain.
So the city planners came together, and they thought, we're going to change the name of Central Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles.  shops of little fires, fast food, linked terrain.
Like 26 million other Americans, I lived in a food desert, the Algeria Central Angeles, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to get more people killed than food in the car.
People are dying from collaborative diseases in Los Angeles.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happened.
And I wondered, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighbor?
I see chairs of broken wheelchair and sold as used cars.
I see clinical division centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is solution.
The food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also got tired of running 45 minutes away and turned to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet tall.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I am in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Ground, we get together and we started planting our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we're kind of a kind of paradox paid by adapted compounds of all the processors, all of the city and completely volunteers, and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained it.
The city came up to me on top of it, and in short, they gave me a quote saying that I had to retire my garden -- the capital was made by court order.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order to plant food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, let's take it out."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lose, and I spoke to the conclusion and one of Green Grounds, who put a petition in China, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My conclusion even called to say that they were reading and loved what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more battlefield flats.
It has 68 miles of bare terrain.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's space enough to plant 725 million tomato plants.
Why does this do not look like this?
It will grow a plant to give a few thousand self, 10,000 seed seeds.
When a dollar of clubs will give you 75 dollars a result.
It's my home, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graphics, I grew my art.
Like an artist of graffiti -- that I set walls -- I start soils, grass.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my embarrassment of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what earth can do if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a shoe is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became an education tool, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We're the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a grandfather.
Also, they get fresh.
I remember an occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, were like the 10,000 o'clock in the night and they were in my backyard, and they were in my backyard, and they looked very low.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I was seeing people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear that people are going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but again, I want you to get your health.
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous to me their stories about how this was affected and how they used to plant with their mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grounds has come to plant maybe 20 gardens here.
We've had about 50 people who come in, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow cold, kids will eat cold.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in. I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gravity, I see an opportunity that we can train these kids who will be recovered from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Caribbean.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole bunch of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take content and turn them into healthy chaos.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking for free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is putting people working to people, taking the kids out of the street, who know the joy, pride and honor to cultivate their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everyone to become electrodes and gravel, gravels of server.
We have to change the script of what is a secretary.
If you're not a garden, you're not a distributed.
The nerves take their roof right?
That is your weapon of choice.
In smoke, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your role so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(More sounds)  (Clicks --  -- --   probably everybody will agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of assault, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, in which it is a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that it happens.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
In addition, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make pure asphalt.
The down heavy, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has dogs and water can go through it, so all the rain water will flow down to the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they won't get water again.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hot, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very quiet.
It also has despairs, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it to disorded? You see that in this road, the stones on the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give you your paradox, and you can not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bats with that.
Oh. It's ready.
Backs, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can really see how the damage comes in this material.
It's a porous, as I said, so it only has a little amount of assistance between the stones.
Because of the interface, to the ultraviolet light, to the oral light, this air, this boat, the glue between the laughter, will be all all over, and if you collapse, you will be able to get microscopic and separate from the addicted.
So if you drive on the road, you will pull the airports -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about structure materials.
If we can make this material stretch, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the boat.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
The industry can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel, melt the book, the pump will flow through these microbes and the stones will go back to the surface.
I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big industry out here on the stage.
The microwave horror is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to go back to see what happened.
This is the show that comes right now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government actually saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try it."
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters from the Apple freeway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charges on them, we repeated them then with our industry machine, and we put them back and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers. Buring these fibers, using the energy of industry to actually increase the life surface of the road, can even double the life of the surface -- you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they're curious if this also worked.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to cool first before I can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember wake up a morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening BFB News, in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in the time, because the news usually depressed it.
"The Taliban were going to be recorded my father.
I didn't know what it means, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were advanced from Afghanistan, and they made illegal girls to go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a kid to hide my older sister who could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two could educate us.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could support where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the market so that it seemed like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us lost in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was ready for a week, because the Taliban substantially.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attractive, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total computer from a remote province of Afghanistan, I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and his father said it.
But my education mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will go back two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk to not educate their children.
Over the years of the Taliban -- I remember there was times when I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to return, but my father said, "Oh, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force you to leave your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So do you still want to not?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the school, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Medicany College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to focus.
He didn't just go through my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who I carry it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1916, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOL, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, to weigh and even in front of an unfamiliar opposition.
Like Ahma. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from the road from Sollington to his village, and literally they were getting away from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, he would go back to it.
"Tell me now, if you want to say, "But I'm not going to hurt my daughter for your old and straight ideas."
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of the trials, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have been key to our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interfaces of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. girls who went to school are in school -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last a lot, after the U.S. troops return.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that they encourage them, I see a professional future and a lasting change.
And for me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities, and every single girl in Sollin remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the explosion, "Hi resistant, resistant Gaddy. He struggled against him.
But you never become a state active revolutionary."
They have spent almost two years since the liberty revolution inspired by the sheep of massive movements so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other liberal citizens, inside and out of the country to call a force day and start a revolution against the signature regime of Gaddafi, right?
And we got it -- it was a big revolution.
Women, young women and young men were in the salad, demanding the fall of the regime, bringing freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
You have shown a value to be able to get to face the dictatorship of Gaddy.
They've shown a big sense of solidarity from the extreme East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the flag.
But David left a heavy burden -- a legacy of threshot, corruption and self-interest seeds.
For four decades, the signature regime of Gaddafi, destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the light society.
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted to have a lot of other women, rebuild the free civil society, requiring an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Bangladesh and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Transparder.
After a 33 years of exploration, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about developing capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Law Library Platform of Peace by the Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the domestic autonomy of women, and for our equal participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the pressure period -- an environment that was getting more polarized -- which is model of the selfish policy of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, gradually enough, the exhilaration of elections and revolution like one everything, were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
And one day we woke up with the news of the angiogenesis of ancient mosques and Sufi guns.
Another day was born with the news of the American Embassy and the consumer attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the official officers of the army.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the military and their continuing violation of human rights and their lack of law respect.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, is polar more, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusion.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of successful climate list and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we chose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Liberia.
Is the prison list and the altitude between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation.
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society continues to be polarized and dominated with policy selfish policies and exclusion.
Maybe what missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, mission and inclusion and inclusion of it.
Our society needs national dialogue and creation of consensus more than the choices, which only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an outrage.
We need to start acting as an agent of compassion and mission.
We have to develop a female speech, which not just honor, but it also puts the mission instead of revenge. collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of the exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, desperately needs to be able to reach peace.
Because peace has a alcohol that tries to be interconnected and altitude between female perspectives and male.
That's the real creature.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a sea from the Chamber "Slow Clown," peace, "is the word of the Mistonistall God, ready, compassion."
At the same time, the word "grade," which is known in all the advertisement traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "sweet -- symbolizing the female and material, which spans all the humanity that men and women, which all of the tribes and all the peoples have been embedded.
And so just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside the divine matrix of the whole compassion of the whole existence.
This is how you tell us, "My mission advances all things.
This is how you tell us, "My mission prevented on my anger.
And all of you know the grace of mission.
Thank you.
And I'm here today to talk to you about a transitional question, which has an equally significant answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does always, why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who paid it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just met at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Seventime magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Express, and he had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul -- he would lie to the head with a piece, carried with stone balls.
The man, as I loved more than nobody in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "computer love," a psychological trap -- where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University and I have a MBA in Martin Business School Wikipedia.
I've spent most of my career working for the little little little couple of the "Particular 500," between them Johnson & Johnson and Leonardo Burgana and The Washington Post Pool.
It takes almost 20 years to marry my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab, and I drive a Hindu Design.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all the levels of straight and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the evil malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and independent and long duration or saying in other ways, in families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reason why domestic abuse is so disconnected.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who paid him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed by partners, bloods and abusive husband in the United States.
I also was a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and started to shoot with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to get rid of a University of the Exper Leaders, and he was working on a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a guy in the field.
I had a little bit of a big shortcut like adaptations, and a robot hair wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most intelligent things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it especially at the beginning on a pedestrian.
We started coming out and I loved everything about me, which was list, that I had gone to Harvard who was paying to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And it was why the literature in that prestigious school and work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to reduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I went from New York City and leave my dream work, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my job and Congo and I went together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a local love," which was entering the head in a physical trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it is.
And here's where those pieces come in.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to have to feel so safe was bought three posts.
One was in the car shoulder.
Another one was stuck under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pipelines because of the trauma that lived small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pieces were actually a message for me, and though I never raised my hand, my life was already seriously dangerous, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was the seven o'clock in the morning, and I still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's bone suit and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we were going to live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very responsible.
It simply had been very separated by the wedding and by the fact that I would form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make my harm.
I spent twice as much in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach and I lost me, and he gave me so hard in the head that I robot several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple days later, driving out of our honey moon, was offensed by traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
I kept asking for one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or accurate at some point in his life, and the Centers of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are based, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I come back to my question: Why did I stay for?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell out of a deeply monthly man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face his devils to face.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get it?
Why not? I could have gone at any time.
This is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore. It's incredibly dangerous to abandon a marriage.
Because the last phase of domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence is happening after the victim has put end to the relationship, after we get out, because then the abusity has no one to lose.
Other implications include the permanent accuracy, even after the barbaria has gone back to married, denial of financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to land the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time who would get their mother off.
And we're still wondering why it's simply not going?
I was able to take it off, because of a last paper suggestion that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody to the world, to the police, to my neighbors and my friends and family, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to stabilize victims like specialist headlines, who are anti-points -- damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people, it's a way of saying "The guilt is his for standing out of them, as if the victims are going to be able to deliberately fall out of men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Look Lovin," I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also exploring, who learned an innocent lesson of what happened and who recognized their lives and they recognized their lives and happy lives as employees, wives, and mothers, lives completely free of violence like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I became married with a cute and nice, and we have those three children.
I have that black lab, and I also have that mining.
What I'm not going to get to have never ever more, ever, is a card pill pointing to my head in someone who says I want.
At this point, they are thinking, "Hello, that's fascinating, or "Hey, what silly I was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being balanced or that they were small or that they were abused themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love to my crazy love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abusive abuse only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just bringing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the balance to the light talking about it with their kids, their job partners, their friends and family.
They repeat your vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize early signs of violence to be consciously interdependent, to slow down their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful ways that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. My name is Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point, there's an awkward tension in the room because I should not have dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first slide shift at a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky enough to think about it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I came up, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of changing what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tangies are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use it.
The worst part is to spend this sweater for your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I'd never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer said to me that I would embrace the back and to take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or artificial background like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though surface and immune, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my lab, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a laboratory discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire too, we've been associated with a high and elephant figure, the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've been able to leverage to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now shown specifically, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion they say -- wait, wait, John Scott, Tirtan, Joan West.
First of all, happiness to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every one of the models on the runway, and from 77 models hired models, only 27 percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people are always making me is: Can it be model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a black charge surgeon and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my girl.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the reduction chief of the American voice or the executive director of "Him, or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that the bigger you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've ever ended your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, interior model for 10 years, people would look weird at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are completely.
And yes, they basically get all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bike, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal field, but it was a girl.
This is how I released my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am on a party a few days before the pictures for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and the Vietnam magazine.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They are creation of a group of professionals, fingers, males and photographers and stress, and all their aid and predator people and proposition, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always make me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many tapes of 20 inches and that I never use, except the couple of the before, but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and the ones we don't like to speak.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and forgot to make money, and they gave me the dress free.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a constructed passion, and he went out a red service, and of course we stood in, and I feel it -- agent to be able to continue to drive.
I enjoy these privilege by my appearance, not what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for what they look like.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers that were stopped and recorded, 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 young black and Latin Yorkers, so for them, it's not a question of me?
How many times will you stop me? And when do you stop me?
By research for this talk, I learned that 93 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people do to me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about it every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with a few more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They only have to gather with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the shoes more to fashion -- but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something that will stop from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in perception that we have about success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precise pictures, and I didn't get me who I pulled them.
There were no artistic directors, no stress, no chance to repeat the pictures, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them put them out tourists at random.
My story begins when I find myself in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday. That's the 55 and five corner.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you imagine what comes now.
When you approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Saudi to New York on a private journey and you put the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that they were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever done with the camera.
By then, we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old was able to understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop the time in October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, not just at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter takes new houses, and I can see life through your eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking, when suddenly he stood in dry and pointed out a red canvas of the wrist store that I loved with small visits in before.
And he described what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart politically fortunate that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look in in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of actively participating in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who took the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't stop approaching somebody and ask yourself, "Did you get a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bureaucrats are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney rises as child characters, silly characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the research Kenyan press, applications and calculations are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The parliament will not help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly monitor.   You're far away to extinct.  And my favorite, the bones have better presence.   There are two types of blood on this planet.
There are the New World New World Busherthans who are mostly in the Americas, like the city and the cards and the New World Bush, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bones important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
They are our natural garbage collections.
They clean the goats up to the bone.
They help to kill all the bacteria -- help absorb the anthrax that it will not be for them to be extended and causes great loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bloods, the bees take three to four times more time to break up, and this has huge branching racism in the spread of disease.
The bones also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
New was the symbol of the prototype and the mathematician, and along with the correspondence, they were symbolic between the Al-Qaeda and the English Bond.
In the Hindu mythology. Jack was the border god, and he risked his life to save the Saturday Day of 10 Sandrine heads.
In the Tibetan culture, a few very important street entrepreneurs are done, in places like Tibet -- there's nowhere to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bottles provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the bloods?
We have eight species of blood bones in Kenya, which are six are in extreme amounts of extinction.
The reason is that they're being sent up, and the reason they are being sent up is because there are conflicts between humans and factory. The grazing communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bones are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of blood are in the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years it will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the consumption of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dicking.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a postcard.
Because there is no black, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in the middle of caves, and when you have brown dogs, you have a huge amount of time for rain. The number of rage cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 agricultures are going to be above Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead bars to serve the bubble and the feet market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them to transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that travel for different countries, so focus on a problem is not going to serve from anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bones, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become assets, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very understanding creatures -- donate their time to spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you will be informed about the bureaucrats, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bones.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed from opinion because he saw them fly without effort, without spending energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and all I do -- I was profoundly moved for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1973, until 1977, I read young --  --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory of Martin, Argeline and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we established in Africa failed.
And he was placed.
I thought, at 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we announced it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, Obama One World Of Zimbabwe," was a project where some Italians decided to teach the people in Zambia to grow food.
So we arrived with state self-controlled Italian seeds to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zambia River, and we teach the local touch and standard tomatoes and so on.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't get them.  We were amazed that the local, in so fertile valley, had had no agriculture.
But instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Just time to save the people of Zambia from human financial.
And of course, everything in Africa grew beautiful.
So we got these magnificent tomato touches. In Italy, a tomato grows up to this size -- in Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the banks, "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, marriage and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hates came up from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the banks, "Oh my God, we hate them."
And the banks said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say it? You never asked.
I thought that we were only the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did -- what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we give to the confidence of people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Hello" Marrow of Games, magical economists.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused me.
They just read their book.
Tell him from a part of an African woman, the damage that we've done.
Westerners are implanted, collision missions, and we treat people just in two ways, or patterning them, or we're patternics.
The two words come from the Latin Patent race," which means parent."
But it means two different things.
Patricks, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot of you."
Patrick, I treat all of a different culture like my services.
So white people in Africa are called blood, boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face -- "The little thing is beautiful -- written by Smithale, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, sleep alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, "We can imagine a city that's not nationally?
I decided at 27 years old just responding to people, and I invented a system called Factory Company where you never started nothing, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You shut up.
I never come to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the local level.
We don't work from the offices.
We put together in a coffee cafe. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we found out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for her own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, at once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we hear them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never attached, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have identified with.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face faces, you have to create a social infrastructure.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family family of the company, the business physician of the business, who set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helping him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in Hospital, the West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time, trying to get away from this conductive garbage that we got to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I shut up and listened to them --   So the government says, "Let's go back and do it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from solid.
Peter France, one of the greatest business speakers in history, died at 96, a few years ago.
Peter France was a philosophy professor before they were involved in business, and this is what Peter France, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative company.
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Christians without knowing what the most attractive people in Christines want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them confusing, privacy has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will go on, they will come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, the intelligence and the passion.
Which presentation have you applaud this morning, right?
Local people. That's what you've been clapping.
So what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- not renewables -- manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The crime as a way to sustain machines is not sustainable.
So what we have to consider, is how we nurse, cure, educating it, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- the universities? Forget it.
The government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There is a horrible story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There were a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the year 1860, he gathered this group of people, and they speculated what happened to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was unintering -- the city of New York didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they pointed out, if the population kept growing up to this rate, to move to the population of New York City to the walls, it would require six million horses and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already becoming a straight.  So in 1860, they were spreading this dirty technology that would destroy New York City.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States came out of the United States, 100 car manufacturing companies.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few scales, scars, factories in paradoxically.
Dead, Michigan. Henry Ford Henry Ford Henry.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them confusion.
Otherwise, you won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer you a absolute one, dedicated it, association service.
And finally, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to make three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell with a fantastic burning, and you have to tell with a terrific financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that you can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 different companies in Carnegie Centre, Western, Edison, Ford -- all new companies Google, Task.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: None of them was started by one person.
I never word this word, but the word "We are 32,000 times.
He was not only when he began.
Nobody starts a company alone. Nobody.
So we can create the community where we have familiarity, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee cards, in bars along their dedicated devices who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talk about this epidemic, somebody who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that? "Would I want you to look for somebody who?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
The people who surround us can help us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like adults, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our buildings abandoned and understand better our landscape?
How do we share more of our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots who give shadow to lovers and drunk and savings for centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives the music.  There's a debate in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the highest number of abandoned U.S. properties.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
His death was replicated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for living and living in time.
He gave clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I get to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let the day catch on the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house in a giant ship and painted on her phrases to completely, "Before I die.
So transportations could take a diet, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be judged by the picture."  Before I die I want to sit on the ships on the hand change line.
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die I want to live outside the Web.
Before I die I want to embrace it once again."
Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at cars, they fired me, and they gave me comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and slavery ways -- it's about empowering reflection and pollution and remembering what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues from the civic center, we made a kit, and now walls have been made in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia and beyond.
We just demonstrated the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief.
Death is something that we often avoid to talk, or even think, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that makes us more power.
Think about climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people who surround us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce my brothers now.
Remot is 22 years old, it's high and very good.
It doesn't speak, but transmitted joy better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
And I share it including what happened.
It's not average. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never mentioned.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words of the words that I don't even know, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cool.
It has the most unlikely memory.
But it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year in which every single song of my iPod came out of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to be able to make my arm during the first episode of the telescopes and the birthday of Lady Game.
Don't you think it is amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society of society, they're often ignored.
But what drives my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "automated, it's a brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
Every individual is manipulated differently, so that Remen is so different than Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed by a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that quickly increases in the world, there is no cause or any known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new life in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized he was different.
I grew a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, I didn't look very interested in me at all.
He was living alive and rented in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that had between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were getting more editing.
But beyond the bright, frustration and intensive hypertension, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without predators, a human being that had never lied.
Oxinitad.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, moments that I would have wanted them to be right like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individual, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normal passes by the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Remot and Sam and to you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences that we have, is a donate? Each of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what would have been Alice in the Mars country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  He was really assistant of these students with his great minds and his great books and his big words and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
So I just felt when I had those conversations with the students, I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know this, the work is done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do that to make sure that their science is sexy and its engineering is attractive.
First question to respond, and so what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the problems, but they study the problems, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat origins.
And when they're describing their science, careful with jargon.
Yarm is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "space and temporary, but why don't you say "space and time that is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing as making them dumb together.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can actually communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies -- they're ways of picking up with their content.
And when you present their work, forget the signs of balance."
They have wondered why are they called balances?  What do you do the balances? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of example of Gene Brown is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the problems is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, right?
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, legislative, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described to it.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders which is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all the media, tell me simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all of English Oxford Dictionaries is "contention."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "worker means resolved political.
Although there was an 19th century product of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A "collapse is the one who looks for public charge no matter, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a mechanical verbal vegetable.
I have no idea what recording means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the camera chamber.
And this was all because of the value of a guy with the unique name of Brad Corticulate Brands, who faced the Parliament of Parliament who came to Parliament.
They gave him in the London Tower and they were confused, but he had enough courage to face them, and finally he had such a popular support in London that I won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase so bored like the metal.
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of the freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and policy interact -- I want you to go back to the U.S., right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This is debated in Congress for a long time.
All sorts of suggestions that might have failed to be free.
Some wanted to call it "The Washington Of State Washington," and others, "The Allia George Washington, and other Depugers of the United States of the U.S. Well Washington."
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it "Ring."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with that they were monomies, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody gets immensely tired because this debate is proposed for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sentence, and I always wrote, still with this one."
What caused the portrait and the way it was that the House of Representatives was against Senel.
The Republic House didn't want Washington to be able to be able to power.
They didn't want to call him King in case he gave him or his head ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modest degree, more insignificant and more fantastic than they were going on.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title, but it only meant somebody who created a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravitational than the term "data or "Strangelest."
There were evolutionary presidents of small colonial supporters and government factors, but it was really an intentional title.
And so the Senate operates.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to be treated and to meet foreign digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital
And who will take a serious title with such a ridiculous and inspiring title as President of the United States?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't close.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite, until I have been able to find out, the Senate has never been shaped by the President of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- it's possible that we keep waiting for 220 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you with, is that the U.S. Pale title doesn't sound as modest as today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have doubled the glass of gravitations.
So at the end, they won the Senate, OK.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of signature, well, it was a singular by then.
But you know how many nations do you have ready now?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So at the end of the Senate won and the House of Republicans lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and what I'd like to leave with.
politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality changes much more words than they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to a foot in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the stone of subject bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but especially that catalog of male and stones with primitive tools.
Like each other, I carry a little bit of a toxic light store attached to the head with this beautiful plant, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole from a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
And I looked down my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining man that I met before, which lost control and having football feet in that poet.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward, and often, dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition in the Panties of Peace Community.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a professor of "Fried the Slimbers, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not such a grade.
When we finished talking to myself, I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this attack of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made by a station and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Diarrae Director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would vent the dirty trees.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people who are enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced during all of the transparency slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker in the U.S.
It is equivalent to about 50,000 dollars.
However, today, you can be scarced to entire families for generations by neurons in the late 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been fooled with false education promises and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
Today the slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disabled.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the horizons of brick down.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell.
Incredible in a temperature of 54 degrees C, men, women, children -- in fact, entire families wrapped in a heavy dust manual tipping in their heads, to 18 at a time, and they take them from the hot hormones to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
The monology is described by monopoly and sanitation work in silence, making this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no landscapes to eat, or to drink, and the severe reduction made it very incredibly intriguing.
So penis were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
And back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the Arthurks who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Lind, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained to me very clearly that proving emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already in.
I had to rely on "Fried the Salamas and work inside the system for his release and trust you would get it.
In the moment of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart strength.
In the Himalayas, I found kids crawling rocks for miles for mountains of mountains to trucks they were waiting for.
Those big pills were more heavy than children who were carrying them and children would hold them into their heads with random hands made from sticks and ropes and dancer.
It's hard to witness something that is so advanced.
How can we influence something so insulin, but so originally?
Some of you don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paid -- because this has been all your life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages recruited their freedom, the slaves burn and burned their houses.
As I hear the word slavery we often think about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness I was invited to be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
So in Kate they took me women who had been previously sexually slaves.
They drove me through a few ancient steps that were given to this dirty basement of a fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a burger.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restrictive, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where slaves with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted in the wall and divided by a biography and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
As a foot in the printer, I remember that I would have felt an acute acute fear and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had one coming out, the stairs where I came in.
There were no brown doors.
There were no windows enough enough to grab.
Those people don't have escape, and since we touch a very difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery even sex traffic is going on around us.
There are hundreds of people who are enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to labor labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families who were enslaved in the trade trade.
This is a family break.
The bad hands of black are from father, the tens of blue and red.
They mix toxins in these big barrels and dip silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom," they said.
We still hope, however, can go out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work."
There are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volvo, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense of it?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their own trained families, disappeared and forced to work extended barriers in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came out to be taken, it feared that his little canoe was expressed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of trees of trees plunged in Lake Valley often catch networks and children, fatch and fear, they throw the water to get up the branches.
Many people are shooting.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
By fear of his love is not going to flee and like all life has been treated with cross, creating the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they lifted the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
At night cold and windy night.
And it turns out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they are packed with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kooi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter in which "Friend the Slimbers of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving a road in Ghana with partners from "Fried the Slimbers, a company companies with his mountain suddenly applies and shoots our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it for a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, he went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go fast.
And then he pointed out this guy barely visible and said, "This is the road, this is the road. Come on.
As we started down, we took the diseases that blocked the road, and after walking about an hour we found that the path was attached to the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we put into these water to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the next path ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and everybody was full of slavery workers.
A lot of women had kids strapped to their backs, and while they were looking for gold.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a wells in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were involved in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, threatened, given that many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet and these people load heavy bags of stone that will then be transported to another area where they will be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and visible men, but if we look closer, we see more lucky and also the children.
They're all victims of injuries and diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the sentence of memorized in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manhattan inherited the debt of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the list of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be administrative.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and not yet to that, he's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with help of local activists like "Fried the Savardin, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility -- which inspires me very respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to make testimony from them, and we will make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very hard to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not measures. They're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these beautiful people, based on that I've had the great honor to meet.
So I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force sends a fire and that fire breaks light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make math app and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'll try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtues of the ballet and the class dancers that will see more ahead.
But the whale demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurologic disorders like Parkinson's disease, destroyed this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stanford who, in his time, was a little bit dancing ball.
In the last few years it's been a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable defense, temperature, rederiming and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in objective way, and, ultimately, the only way that we will know whether there is really a cure to be when we have a objective and a certain medication.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markets, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside the clinical trials, they never do. Never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the test them?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a conventional way to try it, you see, in a certain sense, we are all virtuous as my friend Jane Stanford.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you pick sounds in talking, and we can imagine as dancers from a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the necessary genes. The Schuming, for example.
And as the whale ball, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about time that takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal cords as they vibrate -- and as Parkinson's affects the limbs -- it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of remote terms of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Volunteer and reporting and reporting.
The speech becomes more quiet and appropriate after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials specialized? Well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both are precise. Well, but in addition exams.
I mean, they can be metabolic.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets a cost so low -- it appears at mass scale.
These are some incredible goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not have to go to the clinic for routine charter.
With high frequency, we could get objective data.
We could make massive mass recruiting cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, business crashes.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomechanics of the disease before it is too late.
So when I give you the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Packaddar Institute of Parkinson.
Along Acconduc and Saturn, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max -- take all of these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What are you going to get from these shows?
Max Litchie: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people can not pass it. They may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the face factors in pursuit of the real markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thangs, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, which removes the project. Now we have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Voice and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Litchie, public Litchie.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I did photographs in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and, usually we avoid sunlight.
We make modern models even more skinny, perfect skin, even more perfect -- we do the impossible and possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for the images and the photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my home, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Volvois was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13 of May, I traveled to October.
It's a little fishing village located at nearly 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet high, and more than three kilometers inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble scripts and the stages.
We cleaned the side and we left the houses ready to be reconcilitated and refused.
We take tons and tons of dead fish -- applied, the local factory for the factory.
We looked at and we loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers and neighbors found similar things.
They found photos and photos of photos and cameras and cards and cards and cards.
They all did the same thing.
You can pick them up and take them to different places of the villages around to get them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered in.
As they fleeing the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village extraction.
It helped clean the communal toilets, giant biggest bags.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the extraction center collected the photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was climbing myself my horizons that something happened.
By looking at the pictures, I found some of them who were over a hundred years old were still in the lab, I couldn't help to think about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came on Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too fairly, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had a lot of precision and relaxing.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the prosthetic picture.
Over the step of time, they got more photos, and they needed more reporters so that I went into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to join it.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Sachwan, a neighboring village north of Sam.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographs that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, dependent on the course of the photos.
I could make an hour an hour. I could make a few weeks.
I could make months for months.
This monkey had to draw practically by hand using the water whose color and detail -- the water was not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underground in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with aircraft, all of that together with the time of time continued to destroy them, so we clean it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't afford the picture unless they were clean and dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We had luck with a hand.
We count with the guidance of a remarkable neighbors.
It's very easy to give even more pictures even day.
As Whitney once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky relative to photos.
He had begun to wipe it out and he stopped to realize that I gave them even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to rebuild -- we were able to solve the images in one photo and get the whole picture.
When he collected their pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a bomb station between the rubble quite far away from where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the entrepreneur to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water as the surgeons were sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day I handed her photos his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do that, something he could go back to look, something that could remember the past that wouldn't have been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up to the Handon Hans hundreds of them helped us clean up more than 130 photos -- the vast majority -- the vast majority of them came back to hands of their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families of totally recycled and completed pictures.
For this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most of the pictures for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear to.
These are gardens of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take for us, but the first thing we're going to look for.
This was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this gets back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of reporters.
Some of them connected to some of them with a bigger thing, to return something, using their talent for something that is not being thin model of perfect skin.
To end up to read this email. I sent it Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was coming, I couldn't stop thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from grandmother to the little girl, gathered around a baby, touched me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter recently born, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few our basic needs are the same. Right?
Thank you.
Doctor Edinburgh inspired us amazing and curious with this picture of a bullet that runs an apple in an exhibition of only one millionth seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion but a billion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph. Force, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow camera of light.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the interior of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser end and turn it up in a bit of a second or not, in several females to create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that balloon, will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this picture of photons and shoot on this bottle, how do you shoot those photons inside this bottle, right?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   Remember, all of this happens effectively in less than a neighborhood is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Now, Coca-Cola is not attached to this research.  They happen a lot of things in this film, to download this information to show what's going on.
The pulse -- our bullet goes into the bottle with a photo package that starts to go through and that, inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we start to see these diseases.
Many of the pictures finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, waves travel on the table, and because of the reflections on the top look at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the reflection is focused on.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make the same distance and we see it in slow camera for about 10 billion times, how much think would you take us to sit up to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  -- of a slow bullet in motion.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are advanced from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I think, about a female at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you'll realize that, as the light is approached from the tomato is still brilliant. It doesn't dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the red light in its interior and it comes back after several billion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in its mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go through a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so just going into some light.
We sent that bullet -- that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over and over and over again with a very associative synthetic, we took those giant data gigantic and we trained them computer to create those feminists that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future would allow you to see after the constructed?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Reputation, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple lights of light.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a manuscript and drop the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communists.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our fishing, has unique capacity.
It has very good temporal resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it is what distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture of brick, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will we put them together and try and analyze the multiple robots of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what is around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open window.
Or we could build exposure to see the interior of the body by cutting occasions, and the same for the carbon.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about football as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of imagination in the next generation.
So as Docson Eding, he himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of floating photographs.
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But there is something fun as well.
If we look at the waves under the cake, these are advanced from us.
waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appear to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this mess.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell cell can change life, and you give the individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, turn it to South South Solidarine and get famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a 1847 boy in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the ocean of 1989. Imagine if all these people together who protect in search of a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a cell phone here?
Tell you.
Raise your mobile phone, to leave them.
Tell them. A Blackberry, a Blackberry, woman."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Dark data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The Detector Detector Detress.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider from all over Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who he sends an email.
Who sends a text to whom, who send him a text.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or the Internet providers.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data retina.
We want the distribution in the digital age, and we don't want the phone providers and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Lender, not fear."
And some even said this would be the State 2.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use mobile?
So I asked my phone, Deep Telling, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please send me all the information you had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to asked them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah and blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to introduce a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delhi Telling me no, we won't give you this information.
We finally signed an agreement.
I would give up the demand and they sent me the information that I could.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court passed the industry for the German leadership of the E.U.
So I got this gentleman on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand extractions of information lines.
I initially saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little scarcity: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step at night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data feedback means.
So next to Keith Olympic and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Francisco to train Colombia, and what often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call me each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what hour they call each other, which hour they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, you had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the statisticians had known who was involved in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The decline of Berlin may never have happened.
And as a result, neither of the Hire Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for the suffering.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not past fashion.
When you go home, tell your representation that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight for the supply in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDx, what happens?
I call myself Max Zambia and I'm not wrong, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, and I was killing the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I take it all the time.
Look at me.
It's a stone.
And Muhammad Al Moore.
P. C is not genetics.
It's not contact or can be controlled.
No one was driving the uterus of my mother, and I don't keep it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Very Virginia, they are in the commercial center, they drive in circles for parking parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disability.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little distributed?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. it's just one of them.
There is going to be an operation of operation, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a phone, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Alzheimer's in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same entrepreneurs.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, it could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "Don't Can't be can."
My father's mantra was, "You can -- "You can do it -- dance cancer."
If my three older sisters.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they assumed that I was also out there, and if we didn't get up all the maximum note we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years and put my talents in his feet and just walk.
Another technique that I used was to pick up a dollar in front of me so that it would happen.
The storytelling that I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a bomb champion that has received a lot of hatred.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs now, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't activists.
This was before 9/11 and the politicians would think appropriate to use "I Muslim to Muslims as a campaign lead.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
It seemed to be a lot of worrying about hunger during the race.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so to try to get the dawn to the standard of the dawn is very easy.
I dance in Brazil.
Yes, in Brazil. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with taboos, or I can walk with tables.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used to use tables, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents were afraid that if we didn't go back to Palestine all the summer, we become Madaitan.
In summer vacation often my father tried to save me, so I drank meat milk, they put me hot rooms on the back, I was immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Well, it works.
But the miracle cure was the space.
I have to say it's very boring, but before you make yoga was a study of student that I couldn't stand up in the last stage."
And now I can stand up in your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the TED Hospital Telescope.
I went to college by the positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.S., University of the state of Arizona, because I went into all the couples.
It was like the mass land of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classroom, and also in his classes.
Every time I made a scene from the glass zoo my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called Baker very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paradigms.
I was a girl with brain paradigms.
So I started screaming at four winds, "In the end of having a paper."
I have brain paradoxicals?
At the end of the book?
Thanks to God totally, I am a free."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave Shere Browne Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, ask why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the stunt scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the stunt stunts -- can't be the character."
It was a role for which I literally had born and gave it to an actor without brain paradigms.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of adding actors without disability for disabilities for disabilities.
When I graduated home, I went home, and my first current tour was kind of extra in a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be a compassion of "man friendly friend in a sanitation.
Instead, I was there as a ship, I didn't see me more than the new, and it was obvious to me that the report director didn't hire gardening actors, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whole Goldberg and Rosettan Barry, Ellian, and all these women had one thing in common: they were model.
So I became humiliation.
In my first tour, I took famous chemicals from New York to New Jersey to New Jersey, and never forget the face of the first cartoon he took when I fell into the realization that he was going high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no flight.
Some people say that I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that you never heard that little disgusting rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Feronance comedy Festival of New York, now in her 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Arabicians in the media and to remind them to the repair directors that supernova and Arabic are not singing.
Institutional to the Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was just like I invited the cable news program with Keith Olympic.
I went into a graduate dance, they dragged me to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Fifte, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I went to the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the sector, and when I finished the interview, I was happy.
I finally had my opportunity and disappearing. I knew they wouldn't be invited up.
But not only Mr. Olympic came back to me, but I was like a full-time participant and I put my chair.
Something that I learned in direct with Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are scratch.
The kids are creating criminals, but they never died from me or child or larger.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a blood object.
I saw online clips like, "Why absolutely absolutely?
Is it retire?
And my favorite, "Poor Bush Bush.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it."
A comment suggested to even add my disability to my currently, guide, model, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make sex, then Beveridge can't make someone in chairs.
Disasters are -- yes, clapping. Come on.
Disasters are the largest minority in the world, and the most supportive in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the entire society to teach our children.
My turtle journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet from the design of the TV Lucker and the Bureau Larry Bureau.
I got to act in a movie with Adam Sandy and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matts.
It cuts the world by going, "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was delegate in the record of the great state of New Jersey in the NSA of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Massachusetts, a benign organization to give kids refugee palestralians a new part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and he dedicated this talk to his memory.
"Case in peace, happened.
My name is Max Zambia, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a kid of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town to South Somalia.
This town is near Morgana.
Secret drives the small town to poverty and the edge of institution.
Without anything for him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Morington, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Moranton.
After maybe a transportation year, nothing.
A day is approaching a gentleman that offers him to take it to lunch, then to dinner, to struggle.
He knows a different group of people who give him a disconcent.
It gets a little money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to your family.
They present a young girl.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Moroccanology, under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That little boy of that little village in the great quality was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how did the story of a little kid of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him involved?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call "the waiting period.
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of marriages, young urban young urban young people who drive riots in Johnnyanda, discussing riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the "Persian Perspectal Stock."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three out of five people living in cities are less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the "space period," the access door to terrorism, to the violence, to the pandamoricks, will be the story of 2200 cities.
And in my city of birth, Moroccanology, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, doesn't go to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Moland last month, and I went to visit the Civil hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital attractive hospital thinking, and if I never had it gone?
What if I'd been forced to be in that same period of waiting?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was at Morgan that month was actually to hold a few juvenile leaders in a business current.
I assembled about 90 single juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He was at the University of Moroccanology, he graduated her.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white white for Al Shanghai and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Moroccanology, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
You see an opportunity and the approach.
It started a motorcycle company.
It began to rent motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "Persisteness" period."
And the young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Moldan, a climber.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative culture.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mola has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mouse came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers for?"
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of flowering life and flowering design.
He created a farm in the outskirts of Moroccanology, and he started growing the Tulains and literatures, which he said, could survive the clean climate of Moroccanology.
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies -- and now he's working on creating the first public park in Moroccanology in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Moroccan.
It wants to create a space where families, the young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the providers that are provided.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be a change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They did business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a company of entrepreneurial spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, give them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalogical growth catalogs.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is what it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They addressed children from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
They gave them the opportunity to escape the paradigm of the "Persian Perspectal Parado."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn the young ones in entrepreneurs and they go up and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Peace parks than bombs and "Poster Perspects.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Mountain Mountains -- an area in the north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The conflicted forest.
The sun made the leaves shine as a vital, and not to be on the path that we went on, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to stop that land.
We got to our camp.
He was a cord on a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the corruption, there was a shoe, from about four square feet with sticky head balls with aluminum paper balls and old card.
And I was handled, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The charters who were too lazy to take what they had taken, who thought it was going to clean their savante?
That question followed with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our savante?
No matter how they organize or where do we get our subjects, who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London or London."
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash -- to reason for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel using the uniform and take that cart?
So I started a research project with them.
And I traveled on the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities in the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intricate.
I needed to get over more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical eyes and save the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as obvious as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you are used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept running out on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Office of Laboratory statistics, waste collection is one of the top 10 choices in the country, and I learned why.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around you.
They just want to go, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the empathy of garbage.
When you get out of the room, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And there's the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe the resources of waste are the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first prototypes of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste and effective waste every day, this starts to get rid of your container and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old one, we don't have space for the new thing that the economics of the economy start to fail when it is in danger in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, only it is in your relationship.
And then it's what I call our average speed of a daily basis.
So I mean just at the speed of the speed that we used to move in the contemporary era.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't repair or clean or take us out with us our coffee cup -- our bag of the shoulders, our water bottle.
We used them, we throw them, we forgot about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will be accomplished from it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and engage it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her job, I think, is almost all all all all right.
They're on the street every day, right.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves from our own waste, our own waste, our disasters, and that flow should always keep one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I listened to the grand of a resolution truck in the street, I grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running around, and there was a man doing his paper recycled train as all the missions did.
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assembled, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and I saw that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together so many times, and we got good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to recognize the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and account for all costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage represent three percent of the number of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose work is clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming the environment where architecture is born naturally from the local conditions and traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Adam Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get out there."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat inside, so it is necessary to be a lot of training.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, their aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a point trying to be a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it really was captured with the ancient market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people go and buy things every day to small selection.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a much growth area in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see now in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this is extended with an awkward attribute that creates a free space in the building that is supported, by its own shape, from the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a similar tissue to a particular hormone card with protocols to allow the input of the air, and also in the light, but in a filtered way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful boats of the eyes of Ethiopians.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little pre-individual pieces that are the windows that let up the air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is combined with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That is not a commercial center. It's not what we asked.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the commercial center because there were more local to sell.
And the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to glass, but it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy storage for the building in a city where electricity cuts up almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pieces on the roof, which are in the whole set of water for the inner satellites.
You expect for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest that I have designed -- I need not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 10-pound structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets by creating 12 initial blocks in size and features to which there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these pathogens.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors connected with straight lines, and this has made the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as a essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate.
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that claims most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density on higher levels and a smaller density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to contribute the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and socially, and make activities like running a two kilometers in a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look for the architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of very bright hair and a little store of library, cute. It was very strong for the capital capitals very good for organize.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I brought my sinister plan.
And one day I had a time after the school came out, and I was a little late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was destined, I went into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book of grades.
And then, I did.
Alternative the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just a few things.
All of them.  And I went back to return the book to the side, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a fragman, he ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all the rows out of God and myself a row of So, just because I was there, because I could.
I'm still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It was that everything was depressed.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I was discovering the reason why I was annoyed that this girl, so small, was so good for orange.
I'm intrigued by the cells.
They're so mysterious and so poster.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
The primates, the blue birds are very probability.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of gardening murders in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that adds the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab that they study in all their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no kids, there would be also not literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the infinite, no Odyssey."
There would be no King Cell, no "Slow Bill and one night.
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the reading list of high school, because we would be losing "The Room and the Fort Force, there would be no "Galapagos or "Petrolong." We would lose "March Barbara" and "Jennifer K."
Without cells, there is no Professor. I know that Protocole has the answers for everything, and in terms of the cells, you almost have it.
This year, 100 years of his masterpiece, "Star work, "I search for lost time, the most exhaustive study of the sex cells, and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prototype, we have the mental details, right?
We think about a kid trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humidity that is humidity in your landmark.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget how important it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolf said were as hard as a cat triangle.
I don't know what cat triangle, but let's assume it's hard.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the classrooms, the cells and the Professor.
Is it very obvious about the cells, which are reduced to the person, their wish, to their imaginations, are a good narrative based?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel clients.
When we feel classrooms, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the heart of storytelling and audience, we know exactly what details will include to raise the knife -- right?
The cells make us all advanced novels, and that's something that Professor understood.
Everything that she does to give me a pleasure could give you pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Protocole says that every single woman who is fresh that Sweden detects in his lover -- he adds to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sweden and Proso, they were notoriously beautiful.
You know, the November goals would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so blind to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are apples.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the clinics?
The cells are nutrient from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like great amounts of bright hair, and the cute and little store of pencils are standing.
The cells are nutrient from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --   I put the language right up with the climate language.
When Sweden is in his classroom, suddenly listen behind the door and bribe to the services of his lover and then defines those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replacement, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monocut."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
It is just trying to prove that the cells look international and make us seem astonishing and they make us seem absorber, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, a television truth, in fact, to what Protocold concludes, the more pain the truth better.
pain, humiliation, loss -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Protocol.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer in us a range of much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man can be interested in us."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crime women, crime?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells actually revealed us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open up in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensive?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very senior young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent, everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspension without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without realizing the influrial behaviors.
Is it too much? Or is it accidentally rocket with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the cost of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells do to look at intensity but no precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become the residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal acts to do.
The cells are driving us to behave in completely makeshift ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news.
A woman in 155 years of age was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which she was sent by the village messages -- horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year.
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, I react to administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous, although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Higgs Patriarch novel.
Highways is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of "The "Servesic in a Trick and "The Tanzania Mr. Repairing, books that are about how the cells confine, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drilled in an instant.
Take Tom Ripper, his most famous character.
Tom Ripper goes from the story or want what you have to take away from your being and to make a position of what you ever had, and it's under the floor, and you respond to your name, you take your rings, you get your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Ripper.
I can't give you all about the world, as much as I want.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in time.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where is the currency of expressive? Right?
The novels show up? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they are in a mystery.
Let's go to 221 of Baker Street, and we ask for Shris Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think of malaria at the Morning professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred the Institute Lesterland, the head of Rach Army rat that needs to be desperately underway, needs the Hollywood genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lesterland needs his help, but it needs to be researched, and bubble with bitter in each of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Seven National And the Seven National Laborators, once Hollywoods comes in, it would slide all over with his solution, Lester goes back to Hollywoods and says, "We're not jealous Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person in Schwarzwee Earth who didn't want to raise your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Homo transplant in history. It looks like this very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry problem, no emotion.
You know, in a Hollywood minute is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they are on the same side.
Suddenly Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being the feeling.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to resist from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the power plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for us to get us.
Just the fiction.
The fiction used the doctors, he invites them to the table.
And look at what grows. The Lester Lester, the late Tamba Ripper, the crazy Sweden, the same March Protocol.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the moon of Apollo 11 and disappeared on the Same California.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but their presence in the surface of the moon was the culmination of a connected collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobility in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program finally, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Dodge walked on top of the surface, which Alexander after the death of Armstrong died last year, is now the most old.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of come back. 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would be able to think about, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why did they go? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1966 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some ask, why is the moon.
Why turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why scale the highest mountain to scale?
35 years ago, why fly about the Atlantic."
Why do I play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pong, for the context, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transportation of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The land in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trials.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated and it eliminated smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to get what Alvin Tombark in 1970 called acceleratory force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo trade of Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles a hour.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism joy about the power of technology has been evolved by seeing that technology will solve like going to Mars, creating a clean energy, curing cancer, or feeding the world population seem to be intractable results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the escape of the scanner of Saturn V.
I knew very loosely that this would be the last modern mission, but I was completely sure I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologies had been distracted to us, and they had enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which suggests that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years who were funded in Intel Microsoft, Apple and Geneva.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the colonies, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the investment of risk causes the creation of transformative ideas by funding incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their dry point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investment, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CCS have always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term. They have never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that would never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there's more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biotechnology. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biotechnology.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists and entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties would incentivize the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the political climate climate that we're going to see an energy policy of the U.S. or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from time that famines are result of failure in the food repair room.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like ships or systems for storage and food repair -- but there will be famine while they were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes smell a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many types of cancer, some terribly resistant people, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements are going to be presented: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it must be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability for technology to solve big problems, it meets those criteria with those criteria.
But it's a reducing model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no grand competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who has been difficult and dangerous and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And actually, I wasn't even solving any problems.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't have the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become clicks of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a target and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea on the subject.
First of all, the regulation, why do people think that trust has declined?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I was uncomfortable to think that it may have gone down in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I'm not sure.
But I can go back to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there's no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disconnect.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago, they keep being pretty reliable about it, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half a walk.
But is this evidence of enough?
What the opinion polls are recording is, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
trust the politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the greens?
You trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the elementary teachers together?
You probably start by asking, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust a few, but in other not."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to detect trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of confidence that we're going to feel for a certain kind of office, function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microscopes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to organize the good judgment to trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
That's not the goal that I will press on.
I would be able to have more confidence on what is deserve of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a participant of not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who were depending on their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Maiza, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent target in this life.
The dependent trust or dense confidence with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be trust of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible for you, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but not to trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're flexible.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say that I don't have many friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely desperate.
If you look like that, I still haven't perceived.
But that's what we're looking for. Confidence before trust.
Trust is the answer.
Transition is what we have to judge to.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build account systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier the task to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to attend the part in it."
And we find the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness.
What they do is to differentiate the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts, let them check the walkers, as we say.
You sure all of you know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confusing, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and transfer to people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, which is not done properly.
Third, the task.
I'll call the task to rebuild trust, put things into the restaurant.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is different, because it gives us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't excreme, usually all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to bring out the ugly evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do we do that?
That becomes daily everywhere, everywhere, do the common people, the officials -- very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks to say I can give them back without giving any explanation.
I take them back and give me the money, or they change me by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust on what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing on is not something very hard to disconnect.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be struggled.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today it's less than one millimeter, the thickness of a touch screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wondered, and if there were no barriers?
And I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong optimism against the screen is your physical body to penis.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool is breaking the barriers out.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Science Apple in Microsoft, along with my mentor Cather Bondel, he reduced the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, to get inside the 3D space, and you will grab pins directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book of a state.
You can run the book and take lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is down on every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come towards us?
Sure, many of us will have bought and put things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
So what I have here is a virtual trade on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or transparency when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
So what would a future like this?
At MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii, and my collaborator Reneme Post, we created this only physical pixel film.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer and users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we analyzed gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and detectors.
And when we program digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach the characters physically and to distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as tools to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, and physics, and, unlike monitoring or text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Human, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a crust path towards happiness, a safe job and well removed.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese period.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
An opera singer must start training from very young to learn the archives, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
And I wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adults gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I used to look for another vocabulary.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went back to books.
"Congress "Computers of Sandrine.
They were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not conveniently propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's one issue for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revolution, "Hermists to your father and your mother."
"Honey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than I will."
So it became my tool to get out of this conflict train and to reset the relationship with my parents.
And the encounter with a new culture also gave me my computer reading habit.
A lot of perspectives.
For example, the beginning of this map seemed to me because this is what students in China learned in China.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Comparison reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, offer the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it as well in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people bending Walking Frankloos of Walter Schooled who were involved in a very stuff, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, policies and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychologists. lust, fear and the social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"Chocola Tulad" The path of The Target Target Matter "Ahau Watts Watson instead of losing me in the translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "choice in Chinese literally means "a quick joy means. Jay!
And "girlfriend in Chinese, literally means new mother." Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people of the past and the present.
I know that I'm not going to go back to just just a little bit of a story or a poster.
Having a dream destruction really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered out.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a destinated dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychology clients.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman called Alex.
Alex went into the first session using bombs and a blood couple, he turned into the couch of my office, and he told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with the men.
When I heard this, I felt so happiness.
My classmates had a member as a first client.
And I got a strike that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't do it.
With the usual stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it became easy only to move the head while we were brought out of the solution.
"The tricks are the new "Air," Albert, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, and then it's home after you have kids later, until death happens later.
For neighbors like Alex and I had time.
But soon after my supervisor, my supernova press me to press Alex that would talk about his loving life.
I was reminded me.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with guys under your category, it fits with a hollow head, but it's not like I went married with it."
And then my supernova said, "Not yet, but maybe it's married the next one.
In addition, the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before it's home."
This is what psychologists call a "Ashe's moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex be the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers and families and future futures everywhere.
There are 50 million windows in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if they consider nobody to come to adulthood without passing before by the two.
Hands up if you're in your 20.
I want to see the oceans here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with the old, you love a sale, you remove your dream a poison, I want to see. Incredible, the real ones matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Al Al American -- which shape her life will have happened for when they have 30 and so on.
People of over 40 don't go into panic panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they will win.
We know that over half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20 and reproduced for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time of life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top at 28, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become a desert.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the neighbors are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes at the time line of adult.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
journalists tell the reading names as "Texas and "Silicon."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a translation that actually is the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bern said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you get a pandemic on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, you see smart, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that while I start a race before the 30, everything will be fine."
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20 are to end up and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from university.
And then it starts to sound like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the chair game.
They all run and they were fun, but then at some point around 30, the music goes off, and everybody started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be standing by, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I had 30."
Where are the eyes here?
Don't do that.
Well, that's a little bit extreme -- but you don't wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the trains and so many of you start a career, choose a city, pick up a couple, and have two or three children in a much shortest period of time.
Many of these things are not comparisonal, and there's research that starts to show you, which is much more difficult and stressful to do all the time at 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
notice you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of trains and cups look at themselves and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their two, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the neighbors are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said it would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a mother.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, I showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had even been more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she was lifted by herself saying, "You don't choose your family, but it can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost all the time.
I had just bought a new book for director, and I had spent the entire morning to fill it up with his many contacts and then looked at the empty space that follows after the words in case of emergency -- please call it ..."
And I was about the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who is going to care about if I give me cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and don't say, "No."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really would be worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit up while the decisive decade of Emma went in front of it.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all old, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and got identity capital.
By capital capital, I mean doing something that will add value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital capital.
So now it's time for that other side of the country, of that international, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not describing the old exploration -- I'm describing the exploration that I should not count, which, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's promising.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count it.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are supported.
The best friends are excellent to bring the airport to the airport, but the marketers who are together with friends with similar minds are limited to who they know, what they know, how they talk, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes out of its closest circle.
The new things come from what they call weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the vessels have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half isn't -- and the weak links are the way to get to this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, to meet the boss of your neighbor is how to get a job that was not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Last but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a serve, Emma soon choose his family, when he has a partner and form her own family.
I told Emma that time to choose her family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit up than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But choosing the person that you live with now or stroke you now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the alternative is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you're at work.
Electronic your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever you choose you.
So what happened with Emma?
Well, we looked at that director and she found the fourth of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events in museums.
This married with a man who consciously chose it.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the spaces of emergency contact is not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love working with sells.
It's very easy to help them.
The marketers are like planes that come out of the airport of Los Angeles, who go out somewhere in the west.
Right before the dog, a slight pull in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fire.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even at 29, a good conversation, a good desk, a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the next few years or even in the next generation.
Here is my idea of spreading to all the selections you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege of telling neighbors like Emma every day, and the trains are not the new 20, they claim their adult, they get identity capital, use your weak bond, choose your family.
They don't let them define why they didn't know what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job for a job that was even more exceptional, the dozen.
I went to teach myself math students in the New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied exams.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, I calculated the grades.
What called me the attention was that C was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better performance didn't have the contact of I.Q.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that started to think.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, insurance -- are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a promising.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's the CEO, but what if we succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to military West Pountain.
We tried to predict what networks would stay in military training and who would be retroped.
We went to the National Concession of Delfocha, and we tried to predict what kids would move as far as possible in competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still going to be teaching for the end of school and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students learning.
We partnered with private companies, wondering, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs on their work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature was a feature as a major prediction of success.
And it was not social intelligence.
It wasn't the good approach, physical health and wasn't the CEO.
It was determination.
Determining is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to your future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who were doing my determination questionnaires and then waited about over a year to see who were graduated.
It turns out that kids with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when I walked them into every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National Concession of the Delta in the National Concession of determination. It's also in school, especially for kids at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most important thing about determination is how little we know, how little that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job equator?
How do I keep them motivated for the long basket?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  So what I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, determination is constantly not related or even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called "medical growth.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dono, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not financial, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Don's shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to be perceived when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mentality is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I end up my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to get wrong, to start all over again with the lessons learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as a daughter of a calculator, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing you beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
Since that time, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an army, it seems to be as unlikely as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that whatever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy alone.
The first 200 of them will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read signs of transit, months of restaurants to understand the basic idea of the websites or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides as if I was screaming in a very freshness, "Asian," I'm building it -- this symbol is actually original to the shape of the call, but I like to believe it is the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a singer in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's "going to follow.
As the old said, two are company, three are multiple.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is caught up.
It's a prisoner as a Jennifer inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, we have the characters.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a hypothetical.  Easy to remember, because a paralyzed tree is pretty identical.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it gets very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of them.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are destinations.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. Put a board inside the door, is the door brain.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Was there anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, escaping, evolving.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care of it.
So we've gone through nearly 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical radio radio will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same as an eight-year-old Chinese Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains, stacked on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese emperor would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exploration has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where it's going to come out is a single.
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and down. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw Oxaha together.
The movie dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glowar, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variation.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and create our kids in a kind of industrial failure of child fantasy.
However, Oxyon was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend either.
The trend really took a couple of years later with it, interestingly, another film whose protocols, a metal of metal and a perceived kid rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, Doroyah, you are the salvation of Oz as the problem predicted it.
You use magical shoes to defeat the computer-generated army.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from Ocean magician is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even violent women are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a son.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supply level had gone down.  So he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a mom left with his patterns behind, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but unfortunately, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what perfect.
Would you be themes of value, persuasive and lesson?
Would it have the feeling that Luke was one military to defeat the government?
Let's compare this to the October of Over 1939.
How do Don't win Him Movie?
So doing good men with each and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why are there so much power foot Fort, force in movies for our children, and so little the way of yellow planes?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this station.
And I know for experience that the princess Lord didn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults which is mission.  I think at the moment of the first kiss -- I really expected that the critics started to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My quest has finished, I have novel.
Why do they keep standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
films are focused on defeat the wheel and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and to defend Disney principles before any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they are the boys, they're not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal job when you teach girls how to defend against password, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the passport.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, so real and enough like Herand and Katrina, but they don't stop being war movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- every one of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who are raising a child.
Until that, as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when I came out will?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these films spends the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been rocket and it has been proparation, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Alan Beck is a cartoon of comics, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are just three questions that need to be done, in the movie, are there more than a female character than having lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Your conversations are about something more besides the kid than you like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good film, Army.
Right? Share rights, some idea of consumption of what a Hollywood movie is.
You don't have the Beck test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the crisis of the regions.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this scanner, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, weird?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female protocols?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a bigger number than this one that is going to play this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
One in the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked -- but something is wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sex advice.
Who are those guys? What are you learning about?
What don't you learn about?
Are you asking the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the wheel with violence and then cover the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, do you have to be able to protect them if at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of male is changing radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role that care from home and astronomy.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Wars did know what he said?
Obesity.
Obesity Kenya and Glow.
What do these two have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of story for my daughter, and I like that kind of story for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories where you tell my son, and I see and struggle only and more stories where his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people better and be better people, like Oxayanda magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these contains.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying electronics, I realized that with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length next to the Nick.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared information.
This is a place located on Eastern Egypt in Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, in the naked view, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and we process it by using fake color, suddenly the place looks like brilliant pink robot.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptian activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italian, lost for thousands of years.
Stairea was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fancient, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the old Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Elephants have always known that Isaa was located somewhere near the pilots of the two kings that built them into the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum planning.
This area is enormous, it measures about 6.5 miles per mile.
Before, the Nick flows right next to The State of Tissee, and as he changed over time, he moved to this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a separative city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a parachute, with the eyes sold and using baseball guns.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nick flowers.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Theatre.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing show jobs -- you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like sample shots in ice, but instead of climate change, we seek human occupation layers for them.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of slime. We found a dense layer of pottery objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italian, five feet down, we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that are given from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period that we think is Tissele.
We also found foreign work, corner, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem to be not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the rocks that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italian here, but we'll go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more important, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to finish with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire -- probably it was written in Tissele 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the biggest of all vocabulary.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 Dr. C.
It makes ideas really happen in 1984 to C, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
So imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese numbers in bicycles.
They're competing in a number of bicycles and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're putting strong, they're supposed to be saved, they're getting a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bikes flying around, wheels that go on to their side, ranks from the wheels that end up in absurd places. You get the threshold threshold.
The lobby, to the passenger, or whatever is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shining over the Montana Montana.
She's waving them with your hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball by making them college in the nose.
You can smell the steel captain and you have a point on the mouth.
Walk on the side and train their living room.
Already in the room, and doing the maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Postoster.
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing about his center message, singing "Hi Marco Boy On More Time."
Now go to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven coming to you to you Doroyah, the Man of City, the Spadistance and the League of "The Ocean March, checked out of the hands, jumping towards you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Computer."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise supply.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a nanopather bar.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be a phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Hey, did you realize that you were a sanita?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise guy.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, 2,000 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Cycline used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books."
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have no heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed who is a wonderful English English and brilliant English, although a little bit exciting, said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Poston?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I'd like to teach Britney Springs how to memorize order in a live balance bar, in national television.
That would prove the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Poston, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.O.
He's a massive, very good memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember it had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Beethoven. He was based on Desertier Hobberg paper in the movie "Ring Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, mixing phone guides, was conventional.
And when you go back, I read a number of treaties on written memory written over 2,000 years ago in Latin, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and cross was not such a rare thing as it might look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would say they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and crop is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not that simulation. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from University College in London invited a group of memory champions in the lab.
They wanted to know: Do you have brains in some way, structural or environmentally different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually no.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and food cops. They found that in memory champions they were lit in parts of the brain, different to others.
They used to be used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is running as a armed career where every year appears to be a new way to remember more things, faster and then the rest of the competitors must get a day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of declined nanoscales that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just donated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the price order of 44 blood binary digits.
In the half hour. Yeah.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competence, absolutely all the techniques used in the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call electrical code.
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the Babylonian paradox called the "The Battle -- I say to two people who remember the same word. I say to you -- remember there's a man called Baby."
That's his apple.
And then I asked them, remember there's a baseball baseball."
And when I go back later, and I say, "Do you remember that word that I told you about a mouse?
Do you remember what it was?
The person who told him that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who told her work is "baseball."
The same word, different capability of memory, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word "doo!" We know pandamorics.
They use white hats symbolics.
They have dance in your hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting a lot of association engineers to be able to easily fish them at some given moment.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data from 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the permanent peacebuilding."
The story says like this: There was a poet called Simuland who attended a bank.
They had hired him as a entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, he didn't bring a DJ: you hired a poet.
He stood up and he got his memory poem -- and he was marked, and so soon it was, the bank room collapsed up.
Give them all to everybody.
But not only killed them all, but it destroys bodies by letting them record.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't get the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similarly, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invented.
He took the families in the hand to take them into where their loved beings were loved between the rubble.
What Simulan divided at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively -- and it is that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or words on the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to give me the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Simulan, it's very likely to be very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the horse in your lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and put it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy thing, the more crazy, scarce and assistant is the picture, more inevitable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties.
And how does it work?
Let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that Christian would have been invited if you invited TED 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And I will imagine some kind of absolutely ridiculous and crazy and inequality to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely unique competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Montana of the Gallas lying on Myster Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Posters to remind them that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that you would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speech, not a word for words, which is going to confuse you, but typical by typical typical people.
In fact, the term the term, comes from Greek tops, which means place."
It's a version of when people thought about the protein and the rhetoric with this sort of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory paper.
I saw this was just fascinating. And I was filled with that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extinct about this collaborative memory supply.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on toxins. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I have no access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get in its place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school hole bought in a thumb market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was a stress, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is getting more and more able to create the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, chemicals -- productivity, instantaneous, assistant and infected in the eye of mind.
I was really excited about this.
This is me, using my team standard training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with time leaving only two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year earlier -- I had the idea that I could enter in a kind of participatory private experiment.
I thought this could serve from good electron for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the consequence, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary to be able to build memory pales or memorize banks of nanoscales, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate man, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques, are just attacks.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of profound processing -- sort of a complete attention that most of us don't just exercise around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things get memorial.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what E.U. is that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence in the Blackstore or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks to our side. Are we so high that we don't even bother in processing deeply?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person I remember remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we will just address just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from No. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents in a town called Limital, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a battle that gave the living room.
And there you all spent the time looking at the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me. And every time I went back and I went back in a towel. They all see me.
And I was like this.
It was tourist, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, no area of divides, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we complain.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it is -- you think about power, "state and democracy.
And I know that you think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a disorder who uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- universalities and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use shapes that know they're going to work.
So we found ourselves with buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Public of Limitos who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a commercial, it has this round thing, columns -- colors, red strain, that let the training that Lindims try to communicate with this building, the children, the stock values of property -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, to the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use the media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called library, are that completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the period.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life.
We tried and drive and drive so much, that we get completely left of people.
All of the black, this depressed us. You think we feel very well, but we're dead in the inside, because we don't have another option.
We need to go to the other side and come back to connecting with those symbolic symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like transportations, so we started to experiment again -- we can scan the back of the back to forward, over and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called big brilliant.
It's about the concrete.
That can be advanced.
Small windows, scanner scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up at the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the stick back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know we like and we update them.
We added and added parts and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give a load.
We take Chicago arms and turn them into slaves, which can be medieval cases made of glass.
The shapes were struggled, they won in audacity and color.
The ends became a columns.
Children grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the way in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be medication, the French or the Italian.
You possibly have a sense of bread.
This is what happens with poverty.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we have memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know this is not the Taskin.
This is Oh.
The architects are frustrated and we started making the stick again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democratic call.
We download historical symbols. We now have new design techniques in computer design techniques, and we find new compositions.
This is academic and embarrassing, and it's super impossible, you have totally excluded.
Normally, the period will be a new in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Goldinger of Bilbao from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldward said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academics and public in general, were completely agreement about a building.
The New York Times estimates this building of miracles.
The tourism in Bilbao went up in a 2,500 percent when the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings. The Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical, how are you possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media were swimming around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and turtles.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
They did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new Millennium went with other stars.
He went to Zahalma and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to go through all architecture -- digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about it, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to have walked to the next town to see a building.
Transportation is accelerating. You can take a boat, a plane, you can be tourist.
The speed technology. You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we're all architectural photographers, and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, 100 building buildings, before knowing if the one that designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find ourselves with buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year movement.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they had them.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the hormone, steel or acceleration, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply to the media party, it starts to scale faster and faster, until it is in both extremes in the way to be in both extremes -- and it is effectively drawn to the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols with an emotional load.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was increased.
This is the center of a village called Pinks in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols -- we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Library libraries.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new library."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be like.
That's money.
You guys can take the Lindbrass mayor to the Lindbrass people, and tell them that there is no unique response to what can be a library today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a desperate public that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture be intrinsically.
That means that the standing point of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different than the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the old city of Sweden can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical pilot of red brick in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are administer to the whims of nature and not to the contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to do sports or for gold, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River of New York City, and to raise half a million dollars of the community unit around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little slice of reconstruction, so muscle and fiber like the animals you're going to look at.
Because no longer matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more friendly.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smallest spaces, the local library, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Ste.m.
It just turned a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children of a year, taking it as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves her reflection to it.
It's laughing and choosing, and it gives itself these big and wet kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, when do I do this?
How is it that we suddenly are not liking with our approach?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I a foot?
This is Faharan, he's 13 years old and lives in Connection.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
He has a little scary. He's a little bit confused because even though his mom tells him all the thing that is beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or the school classmates say, doesn't know who I believe.
So he makes a video of it, publishes it on YouTube, and I ask others who please leave a comment -- "Am I a nice or a herb?
Well, so far, Fancing has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disaster, it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and currently, who gets these responses in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you carrying them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under a pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, cheating, saying, "I love it, eating, sharing, publishing this never over.
We have never been so connected before, continuous in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, being always connected, is adding our kids to adapt in the number of "I like to have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated by it.
What is the most challenging thing in someone in front of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspirational inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cut from the news of girls now.
Star movie models continue to dominate our pass.
The technician is now a routine now.
And trends like, "WorldWide, Hollywood, Johnnyman and Press.
For those who know it, it means professional.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare to.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the supermarket stars of the sports and the Roman singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be wealthy individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they're not good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contribute to the society and the labor development.
31 percent, almost one of the three teenagers are not interested in the classroom arguments, they avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical species.
One out of five are not taking care of classes at all.
And in the test season, if you don't think that you see enough enough if you don't think you're thin enough -- you will get a smaller note to the average of your peers, who don't care about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it gets independently of what these young people do.
So, to be well clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem about its body is depending on academic performance.
And it's also affecting health.
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables -- they participate in more healthy diet than they can bring them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by the people around them, and they are largely risk of depression.
And we think it's all about this because of what makes decisions more risky, like alcohol of alcohol and drugs, dramatic diabetes, aesthetic surgery, sexual surgery, sexual relationships to early and unprecedented advertising age.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health care system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of work.
17 percent of women don't present to an interview interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that happen?
It will release this potential for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first is that we have to include trust in its own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that follows our children will not only have a positive impact but a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical parties for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires every one of us that we take the gangs in the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
The current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell with the contribution of our politicians in cuts of hair or the size of their peaks, or to imagine that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not as they look like.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time a mirror was put?
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing their entire person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion inclusion including.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestrian.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make it be the ones who come out in the big screen because we just will create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they have never been able to be who who they are, or achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Your wife, right?
Your sister to your sister.
Your daughter.
Your superheroe? To your friend?
It could just be the woman who is to two seats. What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that car voice in his interior, that I would encourage him for not to have long legs, more thin flies -- a more flat pound, a more small foot?
What would it mean for her if we were going to go through this and would we be able to go back to your potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all to all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show that the way you see it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that small trips of an age of today, become agents of safe change of themselves.
Let's do it.
On November 5 of November 1990, a gentleman named Shape American entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Martin Kabulan, the leader of Defense Joel.
So Tasmanian initially declared it innocent -- but being pressure by other minor charges -- in a company of others, they started planning attacks at about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, symbols and the U.S.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by a FBI informant information.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't avoid it.
Later Tomson would be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Shike American is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer with a loving American mother, elementary school teacher, between the two made all possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam -- that very few, even most Muslims come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every single human group, there's always a small fraction of people who are so deeply advanced to their convictions that think we have to use all the possible media so that everybody lived like them.
A few months before the arrest he felt with me and explained to me that in the last weekends, he and some friends, had been going to training training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the college of California that without knowing our group, I was watching the FBI.
When I got to pull up, my father helped me hold the rifle. And he explained to me how to aim to about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I would shoot I gave the little light orange on the goal, and for the surprise of all of us, especially me, the whole goal in flames.
My uncle became the other and in Arabic, he said "Aria Buddha."
From such parent, such child.
All of all, the comment made a lot of laughter, but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a cross van with 700 pounds of explorers in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and killed another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "Man," which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved down 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone was time to pick up and go to another city.
As I was always me the new face of the class was often victims of matrix.
I was a secret for my identity to avoid being the white one, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and regime, was enough music.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it surgeon. For growing under farmers, I was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put my way to think about was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a private program where I participated in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence -- as I had been victims of me almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various processes.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had done friendship was Jewish was Jewish.
It took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no food between the two.
I never had a Jewish friend before, and frankly I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that my whole life had made me believe it was forced.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a diversity park.
I met with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience turned out to develop my character.
All of life had taught me that humiliation was a sin and by extension, all the homosexual people were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been accused by child, developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me in a kid, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be homosexual but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Data Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me highly honest about my intricates, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, has nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my pattern in a moment where I was desperately to need it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extraction, was not in sound.
And one day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that will be going on in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with my eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough democratized and said, "I'm tired of hate.
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside of you.
My real name is not Zam Eminava.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody is trying to take violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was convicted to this violent and intriguing ideology I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prizes.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk about those meaningless acts as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple thing, I'm proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that kids don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a movie that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible molecule.
It's in 3D, and it has subject sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has asthma, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It has emotions, angry and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your food of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in directly.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a consciousness of it.
I don't have certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie experimental?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible, a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology studied the behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, it all started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsy said, "Now it's time for science to address consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work of consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was search for correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain types of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you by saying that this kind of neuroscience work answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of brain do and what they are correcting.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neurosciences.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't address the real central mystery of this matter, why is every physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness, to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like electronics, like hormones, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical survivors are all cases of emerging behaviors, how electronics operate how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce, they adapt and metaphor living organisms -- all of them are questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that everything behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the survival, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't really have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist mathematical.
I want a scientific theory of authority that works. For a long time, I would hit the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But finally I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stay at this point.
We have a wonderful explanation chain, great. We get used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think that consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know yet how it is.
With an animal like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that initially seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennius, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or conflict.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of completely reducing consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental players, space, time and mass.
They post fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of any more basic ones.
Instead, they think of fundamentalism, and that's where the world is constructed.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is cleaned.
In the 19th century, Max found that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of serious fundamental concepts, space, time, mass -- Newton's laws -- then the basic laws of electronics, and post-conflict electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern as a fundamental concept.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, care, then because of logic, you have to leave the list.
The most natural thing would be positive as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the path to drive it scientifically.
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can take care of in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can pass them into a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called apparently, "Day for everyone, "Philosophier for everybody, pen for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies -- even microbes from Rob Koren, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of angular when he thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the roots."
No, so no.
But the thinking is that perhaps photons can have some element of cross-section credit, subjective process, some primary precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would someone think something so crazy?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass is natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there is a process of information, there's awareness.
Complex information processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called filter, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I'm supposed to have to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of filter, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a half a half a degree of integration of information, which is pretty significant -- very significant awareness.
But when you get to the leadership, the microbes, particles -- the chicken degree said.
The level of integration of information is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tilme theory, there will still be a different awareness level of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of filter, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that perspective can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of equators?
From the Apple vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can be used to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that view, consciousness doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of old.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, Pakistan vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have very serious social consequences.
Some can be unique.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetation.
If you're an apple and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think that that tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samila artificial intelligence system in the Heyenage movie in the Heyenage?
Is it conscious?
According to the view of laparoscopic information, she has a process of complicated information, integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have very serious ethical problems about the development ethic of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of them.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of full collective collective, the planet.
Canada has its own conscious?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, as the audience at a TED Talk, at this point we have a TED Talk, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of every single part?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this viewer Panbanisha, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that of the second, that it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem in science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think eventually we'll go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to stay for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She's actually not got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's hair and spent a lot of time looking at the Busherote Services and David Creating."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high Melionary school, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes a boy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discussion?
And I said, "What discussion?
Well, I had been talking about the decision law for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about inspirational things in school?
"Of course, in the act of actors."
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with disabled people as objects of inspiration.
And we are. And it's not a blame of the boy, I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair of wheels, and you're probably waiting for you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to be specifically delighted.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to us in relation to disability.
Yes, you have sold us the lie that disability is something Bali, Mayor May, May Malcol.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make any exception.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invented."
Or this one: "Before I leave you, "consume?
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, the girl without hand drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with orderated legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately deliberately, because they affect a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we challenge the disabled disabled disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, however bad my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've been addressing strangers to be able to express that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens to before my work had a public profile.
It was like if I was happy to stand up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is changed.
These images, those images defy people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We have some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think about.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "devices that are disabled, deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about it.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of it.
They're just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to focus on the way we do it, when you share those pictures?
When people tell us, "You're a source of inspirational things like a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here playing the inspiration, and you think, "Oh Steph, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability all over time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
So learning that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barber signs to pick up the things that come to me --  learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the cell phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that except and challenges.
I really think that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest infinity.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a scale has never done that it becomes a break.
Never    Sonoth to a television screen will not make the subtitles appear for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and reacting a positive attitude to convert all those books to the brilliant.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "Buttonia, the Vagonful Shop is not considered to deserve anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get rid of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a child from 11 degrees in a high school school in Meliof is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user of wheel.
disability doesn't make us exceptional but question what you think about it is that it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a child without carbon?
Unfortunately, today I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't be described.
When people think about it, they think of Miniability Republian and in Tom Crimer on the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality is increasing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to reality really?
The first step -- it's what I do: the goggles Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that the Global Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me experience what is a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 160 miles away, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that a man of 110 pounds points us, trying to tell us all his being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use the Global Golds under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NFL practices, because the idea of the NFL technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klaique, let's go.
It's horrible to be taped.
A moment. Let's zoom up a little bit.
Prepared?
Go!
Chris Klaique: As you can see, it's a proof of what is to be mapped in the football field from the paradise perspective.
You might notice that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corresponding at the University of Washington.
first field, Matts 54, 144 Machians.
Blue eight, Blue 8? Go!
Chris Klailing: This is a little bit more likely to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter. You can see it from the angle of a field marketing.
Or a row of a row?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of filled? How do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called the Rocky Rockets, which is sure a lot of you know.
The Rift Root has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing play, no!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CA: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain by having her life.
What will be the experience of a phenomenon when we record a video from Adam Pennsylvania crossing the line, getting out of an archive with the arm before you run and make an anatomy? What will be the experience of a finance.
When I can be Mesopressive running through the candid, launching the ball at the bottom of the network, or Feynman doing a William package?
What is your experience when it goes out of a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic scan?
Maybe you increase the sales of paper for adults.
But this is not still augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, RS.
How do we reach the augmented reality, right?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the temperatures and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief puzzle about technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Portugues of Baltimore put a show to their field marine to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the helmet of the fields of the field and after the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more strengthened.
So in 2013, imagine that they're a player coming back to their group and you see their next play shown in front of you, in a plastic view that you carry on. You don't have to worry about forget a game.
You can memorize the strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it, because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose participants, and they hate to lose game.
If you lose games as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the algorithms, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have information spread.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad guys.
So your team of computer will be as important as your recovery, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field marketing.
You get the balance and retreat.
You look for an open receptor -- suddenly a floor on the left-hand side of your bombsight is advanced by you that a defense behind you is going to attack. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Rich system gives you you.
You move to the protection area.
Another flash gives you a open receptor.
You toss the ball, but you get rid of you.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in his bombsight a grass area that goes light and can modify the race.
It comes on, and it takes the ball and run and anatomy.
And the audience got up and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion on the game.
I'm going to make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus as our health entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being somewhere else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lines.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology worth for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how painful their actions are from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it being presented?
How much is it going to be a Handy Community or a Neil December Tyren trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of 3D notes and Saturnales?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, rely on as long as we do.
Thank you.
I recently retired me after 23 years of service in the Higgs heritage of California.
And most of those 23 years I spent by spreading the south edge of the Navy County, including the Golden Gates Bridge Bridge Act.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and his inspirational style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Streets, except chief chief of building the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is practically at proof of suicide.
Supplied from the bridge is not practical and probably."
But from their openness over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such as such as it is like it, so that each of your concerns freed you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that goes down below your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a quarter of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which are doing vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally be sandwiched in the helpless water, and then they shoot.
I don't believe that the ones that are contemplating this method of suicide will realize the machine that you will face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 square steel steel accounts to the bridge.
This is where most people have been in before the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at their darkest moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an official telling her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day in the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who were contemplating suicide.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officials together.
This is Jason Garven.
I met him on July 22 last year when I got a call of a possible suicide subject sitting on the face near the center.
I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge of the Golden Gate Bridge Bridge Punish.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I flew up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason talking to Jason I asked if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
remembering the Greek mythology. Zeasures created Paul, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panda, and she opened the box.
Out of her came down, paintings, and all sorts of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
It stopped a few instantanes, leaned on the right, and it was.
This little, smart man in New Jersey just had a living.
I spoke to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how he was.
Jason parents had asked him.
So the collaborative damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of such?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to speak, but you have to listen.
Listening to understanding.
Not discussions, blacks, or you tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection they need.
If you think somebody's suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is: Others in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life, you've had these thoughts, right?
Confined the person in front of you can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look for disposal, desperation, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to be better, impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it. Recent social assay, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, January 19th of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read you.
"Hi, Kevin Kevin: I guess you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go back to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insecure, but I'm going to notice more moments of realizing that Mike won't come home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 percent of the 1980s with his father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called Peter police and reported it as that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that Mike was down on the bridge.
A witnesses had seen it out from the bridge at 1850 in the afternoon of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffering a real mental illness, right?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
GDP, the Goldman Gates Bridge has to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a centimeter.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that her son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11th, 2005, I responded to a call of radio for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my engine through the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing in the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately crossed the barrier, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the course of the next time, I heard how Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happiness.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What was what he did you go back and give to hope and life opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You listen to me.
You let me talk and just listen to it.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read it.
"Dear Mary Britain, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was climbing for help.
It has been diagnosed with a mental illness for which has been properly medicine.
I took Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all those inherited traits -- but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
Only in debt with you, Narrator Berlin."
And at the end of it, she wrote, "PD." When I visited the San Francisco General Hospital that night, you would figure out how the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Currently, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and its depression to hope that his story will inspire others.
Subjective is not just something I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was sustained with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want your own pain to end.
Typically, this is achieved by three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jaymie.
The other one was a man who talked about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
On the end of the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact that bridge is not substrately.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second they leave on the side they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Mary with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each one of us must be striving to do.
Supplied can be avoided.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- no way I'm alone.
When I became a model model, I felt that I had finally achieved sleep that had had from a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I will refer to later on, when I look at this picture I think, you know, you get it Geneva, you get it.
But the October October, I discovered that, just -- I'm starting on.
All of us understand our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the value of freedom, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of who surround us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- what is considered acceptable.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this film is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was registered as a child when I was born because of my genital appearance.
I remember my five years in Los Films, in my house, I was always wearing this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that ship in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to admit to me.
The gender has always considered an immediate fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious, really.
Because of my success, I never shared myself to share my story, not because I thought it's going to be bad, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate us.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess goddess of the sights.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15, when I was about 15, I met this woman called T.B.
It's the director of a transparent beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you participate in the beauty consequence?
He told me that if she participated she would be accumulated from the exposure spending and the restaurant -- and that night, I won in a bathroom suit and he got the third end of the fingertips between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not many people can say that their first job was a beauty of beauty of transparent women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the deviles, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my solid card application that I could go live to the United States.
I was reminded me.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty room."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you move to the U.S., you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I put two "Internet in my name.
She also accompanied me when I was on Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the Gene and the Federal Genome.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a wheat, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears were minimized by my fears.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of Monterey Nets.
A young woman from New York who was worth his truth, but he was desperately, put in his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
The entire 20 of November, we do a global view by the Congress Day of the Transition.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who have fights and stood in front of the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, I am coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing, so one day there is no more views of New November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you.  KT: George, a quick question.
George Rocky: Sure. You will see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
to my own support network, my parents especially to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been to young women, who have been employed, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept me. I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mom, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all have a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that kind of addiction not burn, and that there should be a space that allows people to add out, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transparent movement is getting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understand.
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are usually known for their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign by education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were made in 2011, when they were made by the National Prize Prize of peace, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the story of injustice and inequality, violence and exploration.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a girl, his birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome -- not for your father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes, gives you their conflicts to the mother, and no one hits the father.
And a mother becomes a lot about having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, it's competitive, and with the hope of a son, when he would light his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffering, but the daughter, the newly born daughter, when he grows up, suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, you stay home and school admit to her brothers ...
Up until the age of 12, in a way, has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and he can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when I walked in the teenager, when it was 13 years old, he was prepared to come out of his house without a male train.
It's confined to four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor call of his father and his brothers and her family, and if I transfer the code of that honest course, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this supposed code of honor is not only the life of a boy, it also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's a more pattern more of patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl must be very strong, very humble and very summit.
It's the criterion of it.
The model of good girl must be calculated.
It's supposed to be silent, and that accepts the decisions of their father and mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if it doesn't want to.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a super-conductive design.
If you pass it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they would call it unfortunate.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet post, "The Cassini, they eat it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson to his daughter and the same honor lesson to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
And dear brothers and sisters, when Malaria, and for the first time, I don't like the newborns of birth, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought of his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fire of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaria from Maparid, and I called my daughter so for her.
But when I was starting, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malay."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half, I admit it in my school.
So you might ask, why should I mention a little girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, it's a great event for the life of girls.
Institution in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
A school administration means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I had the Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the adoptions of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my brothers written in any document.
That was why I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the happiness of my daughter.
He was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go with me at different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for it, just for Malaria.
I've made all these good values in my school and kids alike.
I used education for emotion.
I teach my daughters, teaching students to forget the lesson of the obesity.
It taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called soul.
The brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to the markets.
The musicians were silent, the sacred girls and the singing singers were killed.
They had millions of millions, but a few people talk, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and sand when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10 years, Malawi stood up and stood down the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she offered himself for the New York Times, and I talked on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a climate around the world.
And that was why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine percent October of October 2012, shooting it into the head.
It was a physical day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was depending on life and death, I whispered to my ear to my wife, "Should I be accomplished for what happened to my daughter, your daughter?
And implemented me, "Please don't blame me.
It had the fair cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and join you.
They were both on the right path and God protect it.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Mala was in the hospital, and he had severe pains and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut out, I used to see a dark shadow that spread down the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to say to you, "I'm well with my awkward smile and my face in my face.
I'll give you well. Please don't worry.
It was a comfort for us, and it comfort us.
And dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
I cried when he didn't finish his homework.
It fights with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is special in my tutor who has made Malaria so brave and express and end?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I did not do.
I didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Monterey group of Google, where I've had a divide to my burden -- the Google X visualization -- but all the work I will talk about today about the science of the brain, I was doing it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you go to a brain surgery.
Do you keep as smart or not?
You wouldn't be like that, could you be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
And immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount of would it take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals and try to get them to go alive.
I have been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that I say in detail.
I started testing with different mixes -- and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my cartoon, my sense of who I was me, my way to think, my behavior with the others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried doctors and typical chemicals for a man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always frustrating, I was thinking about all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some advanced versions of it.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying a very unsustainable, fixing problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- by embracing those hormones and neuroscience and so on, it was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference, how do I get those mental images that used to create protocols, my ideas, if you want to want?
This kind of thought is not new.
philosophers like Humon, Descartes and Hobbs see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. For me, it's simple: for most of us, mental imagery are fundamental for creative and invention.
So after several years, he managed to find the right point, and I have a lot of great mental magnitudes, really violent men, well sophisticated and free structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use your imagination only to steer the world that has to the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way the creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups that are stuck in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan made by George Gandhi and their colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The average column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagined seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by tracking the contents of the central column on the left -- it looks like the difference is almost notation.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost notable.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Gallacy in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into recognition visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they scan their brains to create a large deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan to show what seemed like the person was looking at.
On the right you can see the computer declines, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us bored.
We're right close to doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you look at an image, and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same map.
This led to the brain scanning brain systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are lots of techniques to do it.
One is open up the skull and introduce electrodes in it.
I don't offer me for that.
A lot of these are proposing new techniques of projection by images, even me. Tell me with the recent outcome of MRI -- first we need to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- don't increase for thousands of as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger images, let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arranges, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in solving clever and brilliant solutions in coding and decoration, in the transportations and the FM transportation receptors in the MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns that are structured to the FM radio frequency.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency process, we can increase massive form the information that you can extract in a single scan.
In addition, we can then divide in the layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the IBM, we should be able to measure not only the fluid of blood gender, but the hormones and neutrons that I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to volunteer our ideas directly to digital media.
Do you imagine if we could go on top of language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irrelevant to use it as tools to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options than open this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
His bow may be to tell some person for the first time that love or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have caught in life.
And all of a harmony is a hard conversation, and although our issues can tremendous threatened, the experience of having lived and coming out of that closet is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the South Side Wall Wall Cape, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intelligence of the lawyer, not to save my analysis, quote the letters of Ann Dari France as a letter.
And I'm going to be glad that because of my correspondence of my short screen, and I had my head after a little bit, I would ask a little kid -- "Hey, you're a kid or girl?
And it would look like an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would open my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a sandwich leave.
The father would love the newspaper and the mother would take a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and it would be in the inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into the female issues on the table.  I had the Betty Friedman quote.
The Golden Steve quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I would breathe down and I looked down and I looked down and my back, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at me what is not a challenge for a feminist degree, just a girl with a question: "Are you a kid or a girl?"
So I would breathe back and again, and I stood up close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confused.
I have the short hair like a child, and I saw a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable judgment.
Well, I'm more of the kind of girl of a comfortable joke.
And that girl looked at me at the time, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is raped and he has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the adoption I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of everybody ever had.
Why? Because the girl of the park and I, both of us, we were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside the dark, you can't know how color the walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than you or you or you.
I'm sure I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet, was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that I'll explain to someone who has been declared in broken bank is harder than saying it's been done?
Who can tell me that this story that I'm telling you is harder than telling your child about five years to get diverse?
There is no more difficult thing, there's only the difficult.
We need to stop rating what is difficult about what is difficult to another person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our weapons, and we must just feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may be able to feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what your walls are made -- a bow is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and high scanner shoes.
It wasn't the military lesson prepared to fight any four year-old child who would go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear -- I was running in a corner of my dark closet pushing my gay fat gay and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing ever ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers who I've spent my entire life trying not to disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't throw that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grains was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of these invited people knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor labor workers, in my black dress and tables, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were in my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted, "I love Nathan Langaloba.
And the battle of the gay story had started.
"Ma, was you ever in the Cartellaus?
"Well, yes, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"Ma, do you know my Atlanta Static?
It's very good and never talked about having novel."
"Ah, what is your favorite TV show.
It is our favorite program.
And you know who we love us? Jack Jacket.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, disconnected but in hopes to desperately show her support, to make me know that she was on my side, finally said argument, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink camels."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the graduate lands.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt mentioned.
It's not very hard to find it and realize the fact that they were expressing.
And what else can you ask someone, but to worry about?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations are still not being my strong point.
Ask anyone I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chicago Girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the bow. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be generous, the others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directors. Just give it. Take your parasites.
If you know they're gay, give it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can go out and get safe wounds -- you know what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel depressed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark, employed a grid, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boldday. Enjoy the spin.
What is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Edintura Diagradest that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Edina Diagraed wrote this was made as a critic to the pictures of the computer like Alan Turkey.
And so, some years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of Earth and the neuron of the Earth or the Earth's intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that you don't have any concept about intelligence on Earth, would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until time in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a massively planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of themes through science, through various disciplines -- that they said, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of future possible.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all of these different issues and putting them together, asked all of these different issues -- is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different questions?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of a E = for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open options, with a force T, with the diversity of possible access future, yes, even an impending time in the future time.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep open options.
And so, having in account this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more desert, or "forced," during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship deeper?
What if intelligent behavior doesn't just correlate with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system in which it is inside.
Amazingly, Copernicus could spend multiple animal intelligence, play human games, and even earn money to trade action, all of that without having to do that.
Here are some examples of England in action.
Like a human foot hold here, here we see European balancing automatically a post using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave England a goal.
It just decided for his account to balance the post.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see that entropy can perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entrance is widely applicable to a variety of dopamine.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of put against itself, taking their potential for the game.
Here we see Entrance Research to organize new connections in a social network where friends are constantly decomposed and kept with success the whole network.
This same network of network of network also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see European organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see European specifically discovering and running a burial strategy, selective in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad apps in finance and safe.
Alex Wisnoms. What you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive human behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the term of the robot, the work "The RBC, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines will be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then megacities and they try to get to the world.
It's all the opposite, that the urge to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the one of the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually come directly to take control instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me, "How do you look for targets of this kind of sea?
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: The intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a tipping point in human history, something between the conference of stars and losing the planet we call "Homo."
Although in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA mission from NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points out that Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of the stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance between them and their mother star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At once, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this testicular of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the highest record.
Glaciers and sea ice who have been with us for millennia, are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused to global scale have rapidly passed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of climate, no astronomy.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where discover lives beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the embarrassing sector.
Now, as somebody really interested in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet recently discovered and the planets that we know better.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small, and rocket and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our roles like "Christopher track their surface to look for clues about life origins as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Maximism mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose his ability.
private companies now offer not only space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the savanna ideas and pictures, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still to collect, really excuse places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen taken by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement because of the colonization of Mars and other planets arriving with a big and sad shadow. The implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this inflated structure of the only planet that we know is really hard, the Earth.
For a lot that I like the unified exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but say Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the piece of truth will have place later on the wild boats --   Thank you.
But the targets for the interplanetary exploration and the land preservation is not controlled.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are looking as extraterrestrial packages.
They just find it closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and inspiring areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment. The Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked for many years ago, to realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of life existence until now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become extremely advanced enough to consider to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important they are to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It is architectural to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to take the hostile environments from Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the easy task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I did my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other door and window, and they were all right.
I thought about calling a crime, at least I had my cell phone, but in midnight, a closed closed time could take a long time to come in, and he made cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night, because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was accurate from my passport.
It would be expensive, but sure that no more expensive than a closed closet at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances right now.
I'm a profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Corruption liberty that increases heart rhythm, modulate levels of adrenaline and cloud of thinking.
And when I got to the performance counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that could do, systems that could put in their place, that they prevent bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the probability that it is a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't cry.
I was meeting with my colleague Danny Kahamara, who was won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I talked about I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prosthetic retrofit.
It's something he had learned from psychologist Gary Kelly, who had written this a few years before, known as the primary.
Everybody knows what population is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the primary, as Danny explanation, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, then you try to figure out what you can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a primary.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will design a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the location of important things, where it's the fish -- which is the fish -- which are the fire trees where friends live and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes into the taxis of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the trains to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the office sense of the jury and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose cars from the car, reading and passion goggles.
So at home they define a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passport, a particular side.
For your reading goggles.
If you take a place and you're wrong with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about traveled travelers?
They take the cell phone a picture of your credit card, driver's license, password, poison it for themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate the substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases coral freedom.
Coral is toxic and excited about thinking.
So part of the primary practice is to recognize that under stress, we won't be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there is perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is written as a promise for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for the decision of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to make a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the lab result and cholesterol is a little high."
They all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack heart, brain stream.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I'd like to get a drug that will help you reduce the college, a strategy."
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and it knows that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. Even likely you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, take me off the street?
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that should be asked for which most doctors don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number need to treat.
And what is this, NGA, NG: NIH.
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help one person.
And it must think what kind of description statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the doctor of the doctor, and if it's someone's fault.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the Gilamina estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number need to treat the most widely received status -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person?
300.
This according to the research of cynical researchers Jerry Rocketto and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Blackberry.
I'm exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid one single heart attack, spill brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, 1 likelihood in 300 of my collaborators.
Why not, Dochton? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you must ask for one more statistics, and it is, "Level of the secondary effects. Yeah?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things, and I have a delighted muscle pain and article, pathogenic pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember that under stress they don't think of climate.
So think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to manufacture the problem of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of the 300 people have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out of the drug that help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the aesthetic.
I just say they must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have the right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to assume the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number need to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that is done more in the oldest men than 50 percent of the cancer prostate -- the number need to treat is 49.
So it's 49 surgeries for one person who has help.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impact or distance of erast, urban inconcentration, local, financial decompication.
And if it's lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects only will be a year or two.
So the idea of the primary is to think of the question before questions you can plan to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this stuff in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, do you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that might have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases coral under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- it's not necessary to be the digestive system, or the liberation or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast. They could be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kahamara, and his colleagues have shown them.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all definition.
We're all going to fail.
So the idea is to think about the future how they might be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage or to prevent the bad things in the first place.
Reputation to the night of snow in Montana, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a keys of the entry door in the same way, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of mail messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano, "Park is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing solid.
If you're playing a musical instrument, you see a "do in the structure, you need to play more supplied.
Two "Prized, even more sun.
Four "Oh, extremely slow.
This is my drawing from a thing tree -- you see that it doesn't matter how many thousand and thousands of "subjects may have -- you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American signs, the ASLA, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came up during the 1800s, and over time, it mixes with local signs, and the language that we know today is ASLA.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's as if I live in a foreign country, following their rules, computers, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my sales and they amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't tell the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise for the fate of front fathers."
"Don't enjoy, and when you're eating, I make sure not to break the covers on the dish.
All of this is called sound store.
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm a super-conductive supercomputer.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of sound, about what is going to come next.
So this drawing.
TED, to decide to decide the decision.
TBLT: To keep going.
TBLa, for announceration.
You can see that the program doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and single sandwich.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Parking in the ASLA.
A typical payment has five lines.
However, for me, do it with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I only have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all hearing.
Now the sound has entered my territory of art.
Is it going to hurt me more of the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through your ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in the sound, I decided to leave it and do it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized sound is like money, power, control. Social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was soft, it was something from a honeybee person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be given me and my artistic job, or I could be empowered.
I chose that I would work.
There's a massive culture around the language of language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as well as become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant to the current society.
So in school, I work and institutions, work with many different interfaces of ASLA.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary way of value to something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I'm not going to continue with this practice, I feel that it could be delivered in forget and not having any social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ASLA.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express literally in the paper.
And the same can tell you about a concept in ASLA.
The two are very space and highly shaped what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning so much of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor for the piano, so they understand better how ASLA works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ASLA is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different parameter for each finger as you touch the piano, like facial expression, the speed of the body, the speed, the shape of the hand, and so, as you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you put it only one note at a time.
However, the ASLA is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers simultaneously, to express a clear concept or an idea in ALS.
If only one keyboard would change the chord to create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with the music in terms of tone, time and volume.
In ASLA, by using these different gravitational parameters you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal fight in that."
This is the stop sign in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was carried.
The one one.
What are you looking at?
Oh, based?
So I got to think, and if I see ASLA through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it might be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of damage," the sun comes out and put it out.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, visually, it looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights, "Alibera," "After night?  "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ASLA, and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two heroes. It's two hands, the present becomes closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, last? Umbaggo "Alexos and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at a time, "There was one time."
"The common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per capita.
However, when I see the word "money that I think automatically I think about the same time."
Look right hand, right, Mino, left hand.
We have the painting through the head and the chest.
Narrator: DM: Mother, Florida, "American Commission?
Can you do it with me?
All of them with your hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as the chest, something like common time or "the same time."
Yes, pretty good.
That means "ending in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means collaborative in the ASLA.
Now, the third one. Please give me again.
And again.
It's "closed in the ASLA.
We're going to do the three together.
"Like, "consumer and "collective.
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how ASLA is alive and prosperous, like music.
However, today, we live in a very auditory world.
And just because ASLA has no sounds, automatically no social value.
We need to start questioning what the social value has and allow Al AlSon to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step for more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ASLA: You don't hear to learn music.
The ASLA is a rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dean Kallasia: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can try it everything, but then you have to clean it."
liberty involves responsibility.
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also sign and that they're not very good at cleaning up the others.
The time I went on, I'm now adults and I teach citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk around the beach, they have a lot of garbage standing.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something started.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big buses and networks, to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information in a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we are about to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong on a workshop.
We started building this message of work with a hand-the-social height so that very low children can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of each child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
So we decided that instead of collecting plastic bits we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic, the kids are excited about robots.
Then we actually create what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before to lunch.
And we transform light and cold cameras in access and put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of every particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step into a website for inventors called "Institute, with the hope that someone else is even better.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students at Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they got together with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning up a oil spill, only using the hands, in Suprisis, the largest mangrove female rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink, it's the water that you bathe in, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown and mud and oil are also color and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spirit, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spirit that can fill through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help to identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help remote other children.
I can investigate a distance problem, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half a Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had a lot of giant waves called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima -- a nuclear center near water.
And today, according to the reductions of the average 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has particular pants for pickles.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Francisco radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Furisan every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we report to the control center, here you see the use of different masks here.
It might seem like they didn't take the hard job, but they did it because they are going to have to live with rationality all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data collected that day, and we talk about what we were going to do next, strategy, the stranger, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the electricity map, we introduced pictures to represent data in real time of radio, and we collect water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the operative system and declined in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to a half miles away from nuclear central, and with the help of fishermen in the area we were collecting the sea milk sediments with a secretion of sediment as we invented and built and build.
Here we see a progress. We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at Hong Kong Center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical personality, basically, you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children dream can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Acconancillary. Accident."
Cassini Harley: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help on the mobility of the advanced age population transforming its standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles?
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators scientists, we must prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin computers, two radically opposite design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single sign of silk.
One of them is synthetic the other organic.
One is printed on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michelangelo angel said that when he looked at the margin market, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The height was only Milkwood tool.
But living beings are not clicked.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all of the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by mines of manufacturing and mass production.
Mountain lines have cut a world made from parts by incorporating the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as assigning from distributed parts of different functions.
But you don't find self-confidence of homosexual material in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with distinguished dogs.
The hairs on the back are more thick with little pores with small bits.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mostly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there's no parasites.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture of each designer and the gene between the machine and the gene, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions in the world, moving out of the assembly and closer to growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare time, where they put four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old acceleration with a very distant speaker of diamond with a speech of a 24-year-old diameter that some day not very distant to print the entire buildings -- and graphics to nanotechnology made of genetically engineered microbes that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvent the sky, an ancient architecture of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each opening is the size of the size of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion fashion from Paris with Iran van Heron: It's like a second skin made of a single piece of piece, reduced in the contacts, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and fake 3D cost with the cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a Chris scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution of high resolution and synthetic instruments, allows to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at a time, comfortable and also absorber sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes supportive.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in repetition, opportunity and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, will vary its functionality not by addiction of another material or another assault, but varied continuously and fundamentally the material property.
But is the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what matters.
Like she relates, "In the third day of Creating, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit tree carried out of fruit."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between transport, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees growing trees with branches and cortex, streets and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design if objects were made of one piece of piece?
Do we go back to a better state of creative?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The world's most abundant biomass on the planet is called cold, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like shrimp, crabs, scripts and butterflies and marine.
We think that if we can synthesize their property, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal shellfish --  We asked a lot of shrimp, we drove them and we produced chart cake.
Very much of the chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of property, from dark, lasts and opera, to light, soft and transparency.
To print the large-scale structures -- a system was built with multiple bitters of reporting controlled extracting.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made out of one material of one material, 100 percent recyclable record.
When the pieces are ready, you let them dry it to find a natural shape to the air contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a supply of the printing process were used to contain photosynthesis microbial microbes that came for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increased the bacteria designed genetically to capture very quickly carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a string of stuck, and if you zoom even more, to windows.
A fruit tree covered from fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves as a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to biology, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and put it on the ground, help you grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table -- we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computing computers, advertised and augmented in biological ways.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid athlete, only instead of transforming precious metals -- synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microbiologists.
The first is circumbarily.
It lives in our oceans and in the sweet water.
And the second, E. Color, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other sugar consumes and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digital tract that will help you to flow these bacteria and they get their way out of the way.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, making the properties of the material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photographers, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when it would stretch from one end to another 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our delicate intention.
And here it is, as a primitive at TED, our first portable interface, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shike said, "We are creative crisis, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin -- they repair the damaged tissue and have our bodies supposed?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do it like this.
It grows up.
This water chapter creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which we met it.
The non-state manufacturing is approaching this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different conditions.
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first comes up in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hurt a piece of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet into the head of a silk worm to the hill.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm capture.
But by putting the silk worm on a flat patch -- not inside a box, we realized that I would have a flat paper and still market a plant capture.
So we started designing different environments -- different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that the shape, the composition -- the capital structure, are transmitted directly by the environment.
You often get rid of silk worms to death inside their backs, their silk is reported and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we can shape the raw silk without having a single captain.
They were marriage satisfaction, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process up to architectural scale.
We had a flooded robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that subjects of silk migrated towards darker and cold areas that we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or openings, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get to the oranges.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk farm farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to hell with us.
We put them in the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and while they were hair, they were streaming, they were speaking, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buchurd Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and he was right.
When you're throwing biological silk on the ridiculous silk silk -- they give all this pavilion to be interpreted.
And in little more than two or three weeks, 5,000 silk worms are twin 6,000 kilometers.
In a curious symmetry. This is also the length of the silk route.
The polisy, after the equation, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other full empty cow.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which takes us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make a burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be about?
If you had to remember how old they had when you first asked this?
You can show it with your fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be greater?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Anyone anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be about?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but it had too much.
In school, I liked English, the mathematics and the art and developed website. In addition, I played the guitar on a public band called Telephony Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, because we've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boring, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, which is completely different, and I dive into it, and I let me absorb and feel "Yes? I find my men," and then again this point where I start to get bored up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions and refuse to be born.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong in me because I didn't define for anything.
I was worried about being afraid of engagement, or being shooter, or to adapt to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have planned then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it. They learned it from culture.
You ask ourselves, "What do you want to be greater?
When we're about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you respond to that age.
You think about an naive question to provide cute answers in children like, "Be astronomernous or "Because "I want to be a picture."
They insert Hallana script here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, partner.
And at some point, "What do you want to be greater?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what sleep takes us.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspire dreaming with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you have good adults that are maybe swallow and say, "Oh, what a cute but you can't be an art of violent and psychological.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles --  -- and he's an art of violent and psychological.
And this Amy Niel, I hate magazine.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The core life notion is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real vocabulary, the idea that each of us has something to be able to spend during their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that go through their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplination.
A crowd is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a score to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a training, resulting.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was well viewed in multiple disciplines.
Barack Shere refers to us as scanners."
They use any term that you like or invent one of them.
It seems like a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiple mobility as limitation or affordable that you should be sent.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be like this.
Here are three multi-professor superconductors.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
Shank Haiti and Rachel Binney expressed their shared interests in paradigm, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Mesona.
Mesona is a company that creates geographically inspiring jewelry.
So She and Rachel came up with this single idea for its ecological mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the multiplines with all of their background, they can access a lot of these intersection points.
The second molecular superpower is fast learning.
When the multiplines are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're bound to be preference, because we have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to each new area that we put on, so we rarely start zero.
Norden Dubai is a complete time and writer writer.
As a pianist girl, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanics known.
Before I became a writer, Norden was a financial planning.
He had to learn the earliest selling mechanics when he started its practice, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors to educate.
It's rarely a waste of time to be able to dedicate what you get to you, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third molecular superpower is adaptability. I mean, the ability to transform into anything that is needed in a given situation.
Aber Saturn is sometimes director of videos, other websites, the web designer -- sometimes consumer from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and, sometimes, James Bon.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
The Fascina magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that the individuals and organizations that can be prepared to satisfy the needs of the market, which really will thrive.
Supports of ideas, fast learning and adaptability, three skills where the multiplinations are very adept and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging the multiplies to be themselves.
We have complex problems, musical right now, and we need not conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the womb knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best teams come from a specialist and a multi-to-called multipline.
Specialization can dive deep and put ideas, and the crowd provides a amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are advanced with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multiplies in large part are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
And once I said this, if there's one thing you take away from this talk, I hope it's this: reconstruct with the inner wiring -- whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you go through all the media.
That's where you will give the best of yes.
But for the multinationals in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I say, "Remote with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those corners of contact.
They explore the intersection.
And embracing our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiple, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named Augusts took him to a psychiatric in Francisco.
And he would stop and couldn't remember even the most basic details in his life.
His doctor was called Alan Alices.
I didn't know how to help Australians, but I saw it until that, unfortunately, failed in 1900.
After his death, Alberton did a superconductor and found strange plates and polio plates in the Australia brain, a guy who had never seen before.
Even more surprising.
If you American had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alaska gave 114 years ago.
Alan was Dr. Alan Alzheimer's Dr.
And Augusts Dept the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, statistics for cards and much more.
But it has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's Alzheimer's over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there's the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it is the most expensive disease, and its costs made an increase of five times in 2050, as the generation of the bomb generation.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one who can't prevent it, cure or even slow out its development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the research of cancer than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that the Alzheimer's more costs the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should say, "Albert is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all of us, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's agreement.
We think it will be safe in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you just look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to an Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to delivering a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly the hope of life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found specific plates and external eyes in the Bush brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places in the role that are absorbed.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left in the outside.
And this makes the protein molecules pay each other, forming groups that can form big plates and everyday.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what step block is complex, like delicing a bomb.
cutting a cable could do anything.
cutting the other people can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the cables and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemists -- physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in worms in worms of worms.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick into each other within them, as in humans.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial results, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that it grows up that hope, to defeat Alzheimer's -- we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to tell us that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try and do it we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have found more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislators and legislation.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved loved day and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australians, which cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the column of New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall out of somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience to test it myself one night of the last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turned to get 36 more and more personal questions, and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
In the middle of it, these are increasingly personal.
Number three: I really like -- Tell your partner what I get away from him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody who has ever known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had a chance to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well -- I didn't expect to meet.
However, we fell in love with, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column Love Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's an August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are you still still still?
And the reason I think that this is because they've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been tempted to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my friends from Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would make a few thousand views.
And that took a good attention charges in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The paper was published online on Friday night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday. I had already called the Tom Show and the Good Mortgage America.
In a month, the article got over eight million visit, and I was, by saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with a sense of simplification about loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they were always asking the same question: Still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase, "Are you still still together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and correct strangers like this.
I got interviewed in radio and asked it.
I gave a talk, and a woman grew up to the stage, "Hey Mandela where is your girlfriend?
And I immediately put red to me.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the sending of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have made life own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, which included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
It takes television interviews, and recovers of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the internal icon of the love process, a range for the one that I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really works, or whether it was able to produce purple love, not just an adventure, but real love, purple love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially that people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we go together or not, and to tell it?
If the answer was not, would the experience of asking these 36 less questions that are less interesting?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking to foster interpersonal career among college students, using what Aron called the personal operation of sustained and programmer and receptor.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were closer to doing it. A number of previous studies also used the Protocol Fire Protocol of Aron as a fast way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me to the ridiculous, and I tested the study and didn't work.
He seemed a disconnected for it.
And I said, "Do you mean that you love the person who did it?
Well, he made a cause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But they became better friends?
Do you feel that they were able to know better after testing the study?
The assumption.
So it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I flew in science.
I investigate everything that I could find about romantic love, and I hoped that that could sort of make the heart in a way.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just researching for the book I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was born with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and used as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see me more clearly -- and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably explain to me.
What I'm looking for of love is a short, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that will continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people were asking when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel wonderful, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that asks, still together?
And his content with a yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions like, how do you decide who your love deserves and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are compared, and how to know when to cut and distributed?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your couple?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, this is this: a year ago, a well-known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay in love.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, the love didn't happen.
We were in love because we take the choice to be.
And I struggle a little bit to read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that the choice was supposed to be.
Not to consider how many times we would have that decision, and how many times it will have to continue to make that choice without knowing before if he will always choose or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous and nice, and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily daily day.
But what I've done instead is turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think of.
And what I'm looking for, and what I'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending in the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I really didn't write about.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of a low mountain and in a way I got a forest of the forest.
The city of New York City does a while ago.  Something that really affected me, but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanity or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spectrums.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
In a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and surgeon and all those weird things -- and I was making a match for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I pulled out all the pages and I made a sort of square celebrations to the Agnes Martin, and I covered them from resin, and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: Somehow it seemed to be a size, as if you looked at the text with a magnifying one.
So I did that? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was going to find on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and telling stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can fly thrown, draw the same thing that you do around a beat on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own sensory specimens.
First, bombs, of which you can make an idea.
Then I made a few strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resident layer.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, to go to Sylvia.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human shape, sculpture research sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the pressure was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass sheets, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional compassion.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin, right?
So I did this for years, and my work climbs with something very big, that I call "risk."
For the "Theaterer to the "Tragic of The Standard Stock Dead of The Phoenix Photopoly that is a painting in the Prospera Museum in Spain.
You know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the trick. I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the lampos.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analytical mesh industry where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the fact, ready to stabilize in the ocean in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is an arrest god strapped to a card.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horiest -- the horizontal platform of the stratosphere. Wall, the Republic bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
It's also a sort of a limbass.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like balloons and it looks like a military being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the tragic."
It's a little narrative a bit.
That's the hand that he hides.
And then, when you go to the other side, you have a train, like a bird of birds and you hide clouds from this train.
It also has a $50 tail of a snake.
Anyway, their tail starts to fire on a volcano on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a colleague of color made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very adapted to their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called psychologically.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being engineered, dictionaries or magazines, or magazines.
But each one acts like a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope game that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside inside.
This is a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the input in.
I'll take you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or receiver, or whatever it is, a kind of anti-profit thing.
It's a quick repet of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue there.
There is a little forest scene within the aquatic charity.
Can you see it?
But anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pennsylvania WorldWide.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a mission, a writer, a script, a radio emissions, a museum, a school, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We put the box and all the people in each other, with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with soldier and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do they do when you put your head?
Take an assistant.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the instincts and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and put it in so that any dirty medicine in the body.
The despair, though, is that when you bring it any drug down.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are serving to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase City City.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time they have to get to the blood stream, they slow up, and worse even for the time they stop getting to their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the HIV Desert.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lymph the lymph gallons, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is inconflicted and not easily in the blood tower of the patients that go into the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with current drugs, which is a lifelong life treatment of original life.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly at the discovery of the virus, without the risk of distinct drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, laws, of course.
If you use it in objective, for wounds of wounds and surgery, you can use for anything that is unimaginable including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small, open holes that open and closes almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
You say, "How is that possible?
We send a little laser ray on the cellular membrane of HIV as these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscopes.
Before you even realize the hole is reported immediately.
We are currently testing this online technology or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an indication in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the infection site, while the laser uses again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied the non-state groups, armed organizations like terrorists, instruments or military.
They document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a spread between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21st-control peace arrangements between 1975, and 2011, 1966 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we should be involved in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do we do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are relatively.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Liberian Defensation, known for their violent cooling against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, HeF has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Haiti Palestinian, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza of Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than simply shooting away.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex computer machine, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and social networking strategies.
And here they have the ISA magazine, printed in English and published to reduce.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without steeper, but by renewable business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put into a professional form of professional training or microscopic.
HeF offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't bring, security and protection.
The Taliban ascent in an Afghanistan who was torn by the war or even the beginning of the ISIS ascent -- can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an amazingly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means to fill a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral victory of 2006 is not able to understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or vision.
These groups are hybrid groups.
They grow because they fill down gaps left by the government, and they come up as armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated software are these organizations, less we can engage them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Hebrew?
They dominated a terrorist part of a territory, they manage all their function, collect the garbage -- they manage the accident system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISA?
The lines are drawn down.
We live in a world of states, with no state and habitated, and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East, more intervene and they fill that gap out of non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
Finding that cow of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consider peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but it will not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum of security to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman, and as a feminist female.
My opinions about gender equality are very men, but I fear that accepting openly the female label would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I am automatically authorized as a bad female.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Fermed" and then in interviews, people started calling me the Feynman Mala.
So what started as a personal joke.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at 20 years old, I had strange ideas on the feminist -- these filtering women, angry women with men and they hated sex as if that were bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I insisted that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a access, a taboo and delighted word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which asks too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are right, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same thing for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of accurate or violence.
We have right to use in an easy way and accessible antibiotics and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without a need for legislative control or embarrassing doctors.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to take in account our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to be aware of these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of included, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contracts.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of it.
I have another confession.
When I drive the job, I hear rap music to get all over volume.
Although the letter degrade women and I defined me, the classic "Slow" Shanghai of the Years Jenns Twin is amazing.
Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Better, you know, it moves until you hurt the concert."
Think about it.
Port poetry, right?
I'm completely marketing by my musical taste.
I believe firmly at the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also kill insects, the court of garbage and the care maintenance and the machine maintenance man.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It enjoys the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Back and the romantic comedy and I have amazing fantasies of the stories that are actually made.
Some of my slides are more disconnected.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that election, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose them.
We solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminism that has been ignored, or distributed the needs of the color women, the workers and homosexual and transparent women, and in favor of white women, heroinest and middle class.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist here.
It also happens this: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminist females in a pedestrian.
We hope they leave the perfection.
When we get decided, we would take them out with a lot of the same period where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I think I think of that period before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders are afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means for fear to be able to be able to do with the little expectations.
Let's take Ben for example, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the Video American Adams Video Archives, at MRI, I act in front of the word "Fellow of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this pop star open openly the feminism and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of it.
Last time, cultural critics started underground debate if Ben was or not just feminist.
They calculated their feminism rather than simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demanded perception of feminist because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much of a lot of disruptive.
We go far beyond the conscious and constructive critic to design the food of any women, to break it up until nothing is left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of game.
But what happens next?
We went to recognize our experiences to realize the action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear melocomatically density, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide a boundless supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we measure change affecting their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why does his music have to be so passed?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and be our responsibility.
I think of my nieces of three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decide and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they look at the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden the best option is being used as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as a sport -- you see the Transparent Goal.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to film in another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as soft sacks.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until I don't include a number enough women, both to participate and make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your published, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decisions of decisions.
Since we're not meaningful measures, without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, the people in the direct and producers of film and film producers and music, CEOs -- the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also be able to deal with our food, well, bad, or any short thing.
The last line of my book "Manage Feynman," says, "I want to be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and the feminism helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids stood up when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
It reminds me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also found that if it was a little brave -- another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit, when you need such a valley.
Right after Christmas last year, 132 children in California had shop to be surprised by Disney or being exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Cheen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse, the autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed the police of autism and destroying vaccines, declared and marked by being a failed fraud by the British Medical Journal of Jordan."
Does most intelligent scientists believe that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stage?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the emissions of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about her believed to develop their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot off.
Bonder recording organizations like autism Spiders are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic -- as if I could be able to get out of another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to based on phrases like "resolutional diagnostic criteria and "a better capital detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't tell a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks for the face of his two year-old son.
If the diagnostic criteria had to be speed, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990 decade before?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and capital progress of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be false and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist Leo Kanna, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1983, Kansas published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be private worlds -- to join people around them, even their own parents.
They could make fun for hours waving their hands before their faces, but they were prey from the panic for mental menus as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic, Kansas is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declare that I had seen less than 150 cases of his syndrome as I collected reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kansas criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I was willing to give that diagnosis to children with seizures but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he had turned to nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kannah was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
We classify autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and descended parents.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are embedded in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before they were two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite discussions, he was correctly saying, "Bern Berner."
But Kansas had a bad opinion of these skills by taking things like the kids were simply getting out of what they heard to their parents for period, desperate to win their apartment.
As a result, autism became source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kannaha that autism was weird.
Lord Winistan, cognitive psychology in London, thought that the theory of the New York mothers was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affective, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Suss.
Lurosura and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sussame without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, you needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague Judith Gold decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population.
They started a suburb from London called Commony to try to find the kids in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kansas model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and fun.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were failing in their fascination for autism, in dinosaurs or the genocide of the reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit on nice, assigned crashes, as John said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the minority model of Kansas would have predicted.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have taken away from these kids before?
But then Lurosuace found a reference to an article published in German in 1994, the year next year to Kannahi article, and then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided writing about her own work.
There was not even a translation to the English, but luckily, Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Sadanthear, who was running a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
And Apple ideas for teaching children were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and kids follow their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger's described as a policy disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Apple called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that was an amazing variety of donated and disabilities.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, looking at this continuum in the architects known in the pop culture like the top social scientist and the destructive teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Lurosuacy and John found that Kanak was wrong in that autism was researched, as well as parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum.
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into wind, replace the limited model of Kansas by a broad and inclusive model.
These changes didn't fall into broken slow.
Occasionally, when Lord and Judith worked between baseball to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Rio Man came out in 1988, just a little circle, I was running out of experts knew what the autism was, but after Depama Bang and the recognition of Death Managetivall and "Realmin Man with four prisoners from the Academy and pedestrians, psychologists and teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism.
At the same time, the first easy clinical evidence of using autism.
I should no longer have a connection to that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Ran Man changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnostics started to rise, just like they predicted Lurole and John, in fact they hoped that they were going to get people with autism and their families finally got support and services that deserve.
So Andrew Walka came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnostics: a simple, powerful, seductive story as bad as the Kannahi theory that autism was insecticity.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in the U.S. are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for the new medical advances by taking the term neurological to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand biodiversity is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC does not work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit to the details.
Without doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, which creates the curve for the most compelling aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named School Backs once said, "We need all the hands in covered to learn the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
